Industry

*Placeholder Story Hook*

*Story Outline;*

1.  *Human is enjoying (or enduring?) his existence of being owned and
    bound irrevocably to his childhood friend-turned-boyfriend.*

2.  *Backstory of binding and first dominance*

3.  *Dinner with boyfriend's dad, ends with human ruthlessly used by
    boyfriend's dad while his bf sleeps.*

*July 15, 2045 -- Age 24*

I hadn't intended for my life to turn out this way. When you grow up,
you're so often told that you are the one in charge of your own life,
that you can choose a path for yourself. I'm sure that's true in many
cases, but it wasn't until years later that I fully realised that my
fate had been sealed at the tender age of 15.

Of course, the backstory is long and winding (and I'll get to that part
eventually), but for now you need only know that I was living in what
had been my reality for the better part of four years. My life as a
slave.

Not that I had much chance to quietly reflect on the physical and mental
chains that governed my day-to-day life, I was too busy living it out.

"Do you know what day it is today?" Darmug said, running a large hand
through my hair.

"Friday?" I responded, looking up at his face.

"It's our anniversary, silly!" He grinned, bringing his face closer to
mine. "Four years together. Making you mine was the best idea I've ever
had..." His voice trailed off as he leaned down, bringing our lips
together. Even after such a long time, it was still strange to feel his
face against mine. There was an undeniable element of greed in the way
Darmug kissed me. His mouth completely covering mine, the twin tusks
sharply pressing against my smooth skin, his enormous tongue dominating
my mouth.

The orc never pretended he didn't own me. In fact, he flaunted it. I
lived a life where my body belonged to someone else. It ranged from
stray touches to abruptly bending me over furniture to use me. I was as
used to it as anyone could be.

Today would be no exception. As usual, Darmug expected me to service
him. To kneel before him in reverent worship. And kneel I did.

With his hands on my shoulders, Darmug pushed me down onto the floor in
front of him. He grinned at me, no doubt relishing the position he had
me in, before he reclined back in the large sofa, spreading his massive
legs apart to give me access. I blinked as the smell from his loins hit
me. It wasn't unpleasant per se, it was just overwhelming. As I brought
my hands up to stroke his naked thighs, feeling the dormant muscle
layering his enormous frame, I felt his eyes intently staring down at
me. He had once threatened to crush my head between his legs when I
hadn't serviced him to his liking, and I had no reason to doubt that
he'd be capable of it.

Like any other person caught in my predicament, I'd contemplated escape.
The problem wasn't that I'd have great trouble running away, the
insurmountable issue was what would happen afterward. I'd rehearsed it
in my mind a thousand times: planning to leave one day when I was left
alone at home. There would be nothing to stop me from simply packing a
bag and walking out the door. Darmug wouldn't go after my family or my
friends, I had none left. I doubt he'd even go looking for *me*.

He knew I'd come back on my own. And at that point even I didn't know
what he'd be capable of.

The truth is, I needed him. Darmug had made certain of that. I didn't
understand how it worked, and he wouldn't tell me anything more than
what I needed to know to maintain what little of my life I was allowed
to still lead. To be more precise, I needed a part of him.

Bending forward to bring my face ever closer to his manhood, I felt it
stir inside me. The ravenous need to taste him. The desperate, physical
desire to have his masculine perfection fill me.

It wasn't natural. I knew that much for sure. But nevertheless I was
hopelessly bound to him.

*July 15, 2041 -- Age 20*

I felt drunk. Not the pleasant buzz associated with having a few beers,
but the stomach-turning blackout hysteria you'd only experience after
severely misjudging your ability to hold down alcohol.

*July 15, 2041 -- Age 20*

"Did you think I'd just take no for an answer?" Darmug sneered at me as
I tried to regain my senses, reeling from the blow to my stomach.
"Someone like you doesn't get to deny someone like *me*!"

I didn't respond. Shock and fear had robbed me of my ability to speak. I
tried to get up but a swift kick to my chest left me falling to the
floor once again. "Why?" I managed to wheeze out, my eyes tearing up
from the pain.

"I'll tell you why, Christian." Darmug leaned down, his eyes boring
intently into mine. In his gaze I saw contempt and malice, mixed with an
unmistakeable glimmer of raw predatory instinct. "You need to learn your
place." He knelt beside me, one hand cupping my chin whilst the other
rested against my chest, holding me to the floor. "I'm going to *make
you* know your place."

Just as fast as he had struck me down, Darmug pulled me up to my feet
and dragged me to a nearby chair. I winced in pain as he slammed me onto
the seat and promptly got to work securing my arms behind me. I
struggled against his grip, but he was stronger than me. One look into
my eyes was enough to let me know that he could (and possibly would)
snap my neck if I didn't cooperate. Once he was satisfied that I had no
way of moving, Darmug reached into a nearby desk drawer, producing a
small bottle of translucent liquid.

With quick fingers, he uncorked the bottle and brought it to my lips. I
held my mouth closed, but the orc wasn't going to let that stop him. He
pinched my nose shut and held me still in a vice grip.

Seconds passed away like an eternity. I could feel my lungs burning with
the need to draw in oxygen, but I held fast. All the while, Darmug's
face was level with mine, his deep gold eyes locked onto mine. I could
see no trace of my former friend in there, only a rabid beast seconds
away from devouring his prey.

Of course, I couldn't hold my breath forever. After a short while, I
felt my body grow numb and black spots were forming in my vision. Once
the pain became unbearable, I opened my mouth and surrendered.

Air poured into my lungs, but Darmug didn't grant me much reprieve. He
poured the syrupy contents of the bottle into my mouth and held my lips
sealed.

Having no choice, I swallowed the bitter-tasting liquid and I was
allowed to breathe again.

Darmug took a step back, his face contorted in a crooked grin.

"Shouldn't take too long now," He said, looking at his wristwatch. He
turned his back to me and walked toward the door, stopping just short of
exiting the room. "Don't go anywhere!" He said, walking out and closing
the door behind him.

I remained still, in utter disbelief at what was happening. I tried to
move my hands, but Darmug had bound my arms tight, and I wasn't able to
make any progress. Eventually, I fell back against the chair and simply
tried to focus on breathing. Tears fell silently from my eyes as I felt
exhaustion take me. Within a minute, I felt my eyes close and the world
around me went black.

\--

When I came to, I initially felt nothing. As more and more of my body
awoke, however, I began to recognise what was happening.

I was warm. In fact, I was drenched in sweat. My body was moving
rhythmically but it wasn't by my own volition. This was nothing to the
overriding sensation of an enormous weight on top of me.

"Finally, you're awake," Darmug growled in my ear, his entire body laid
on top of mine. "I was afraid you were going to miss all of this."

He was *inside* of me. Judging by the tone of his voice he had been for
some time. A dull ache was present throughout my entire lower body,
punctuated by sharp stings of pain every time he bottomed out in me.

I was too shocked to protest, to try to break free from the iron grip I
was held in. Even if I had managed to muster the willpower necessary to
challenge the present circumstances, it felt like my body had been
sapped of all strength. I could do nothing but lie still in silent
horror as Darmug raped me.

"Don't worry, my love," I closed my eyes and tried to fight back tears,
inwardly screaming at his words. "You won't be as uncooperative the next
time. I promise you that." Darmug wrapped his strong arms around me,
holding me completely still against his methodical assault. With every
thrust, I was forced to listen to his grunts and moans of pleasure. I
wished I could have closed my ears to the sounds of this monster taking
his sadistic urges out on me.

Finally, I felt Darmug speed up his thrusts, and he hilted himself fully
inside me. A warm, numbing sensation spread throughout my body, and I
realised he was injecting his foul seed into me. Tears welled up in my
eyes as my mind began to work through what was happening. I desperately
wanted it to be over, to just lie down and disappear, but Darmug was
nowhere near finished. He breathed heavily against my neck as waves of
his orgasm crashed into my body, making my body feel more and more
stuffed by the second.

After several minutes, I felt the vice grip around me relax somewhat,
and I realised he had finished.

I lay still in his arms, quietly sobbing. Never in my life had I felt
this powerless, this vulnerable. I felt ruined and broken. My best
friend had drugged and raped me, and I felt that I had no choice but to
take it.

I thought that Darmug would withdraw from me once he had finished, but
he stayed still. My body was so numbed by whatever he had made me drink
before, so I could only feel a fraction of the pain I would've had
experienced otherwise. The only sensation that wasn't dulled, however,
was the overwhelming feeling of fullness that had made its home in my
gut. With every minute movement any one of us made, thick liquid was
shifting and flowing inside me.

"Doesn't it feel right?" Darmug whispered, his lips almost touching my
ear. One of his large hands gently rubbed my swollen belly, ever
magnifying the sensation of being filled to the limit. "You'll come to
love it; I know you will. I would have been so gentle with you had you
not tried to resist, but I can fix that," He said. I didn't respond. I
didn't want to, and I had no words to adequately express how I felt. "I
can fix that," He repeated himself. "I'll make you love it. I'll make
you love *me*. The way you always should have."

I didn't have the energy to fight. I simply lay there, my broken body
shivering lightly, wondering when I'd wake up from the nightmare I'd
found myself in.

*July 25, 2041 -- Age 20*

"See how easy it is when you let go?" I shivered as I felt Darmug's
heavy body draped on top of mine. A set of padded cuffs secured my legs
and arms to the sides of the bed. They weren't really necessary, Darmug
was strong enough to keep me still, but he enjoyed using them to make
sure I knew I wasn't going anywhere.

My entire body was aching. The days were floating together but by my
count, I'd been in the same position for over two days. Aside from the
chains binding me in place, the only constant presence was the massive
orc on top of me.

*July 15, 2045 -- Age 24*

Darmug closed his eyes as my hands wrapped around his still soft cock.
My eyes were fixed on the massive tube of dark green flesh. More than
his rules and his threats of violence, this is what commanded my
existence. To anyone who hadn't been taken the way I had, it would be
impossible to understand fully, but I needed this. He sustained me.

Lifting the heavy manhood to my face, I stuck out my tongue and laid the
thick manhood across my face.
