Old Soul\
Cutting Room Floor

\-

Daniel's knees ached from being stuck on the tile floor, but he had one
more destination. Kronn spread his legs, taking heavy breaths as Daniel
let his soft lips run along the inside of Kronn's thighs to his
backside.

Daniel was now kneeling behind his boyfriend. Briefly readjusting his
position, he leaned in, letting Kronn's muscular ass fill his vision
completely. Kronn arched his back slightly, giving Daniel easier access.
Kronn shivered as Daniel's warm breath ran through his crack.

Daniel took his time, giving Kronn's ass the worship it deserved. His
arms struggled to separate the twin globes, the size difference being so
pronounced his entire face could be hidden completely. With his face
buried against the sweaty, warm skin, he let his tongue explore the damp
crevice. Soon, he found his mark. Kronn moaned in pleasure as Daniel
softly kissed the thick, puckered muscle of his hole. He could barely
manage to poke his tongue inside, teasing the tight passage, enjoying
the feeling of Kronn's bulk pressing down on him.

He didn't take too long, however. Once he'd had his fill, he laid a
final kiss on Kronn's softly pulsating hole and pulled back out.

\-

"You know what I just realised?" Kronn said after a few minutes, looking
Daniel in the eyes.

"What?"

"How do I put this so you won't have my head..." Kronn bit his lip,
seeing Daniel's eyes narrow. "This place doesn't have a normal bath or
shower, per se. I guess I didn't really consider that when I put on the
flannel and hypnotised you with my lumberjack charms."

"Which version of that is more likely to make me want your head?" Daniel
said, tilting his head. "Because you're getting there."

"Good thing I put the axe away, huh?" Kronn said. Daniel laughed, but
Kronn could tell he still wanted an answer to his question. "So you know
the lake just outside?"

"Now I know why your uncle doesn't visit this place very often," Daniel
said, shaking his head. He couldn't help but smile, still. "Didn't you
say this place had running water?"

"Yes, but not what temperature it was," Kronn said. "For the rest of the
week, there's one of those outdoor bathtubs you build a fire under, but
for today..."

Daniel laid his head back and groaned audibly. The choice stood between
