Old Soul\
Chapter One

"You're a slob," Daniel said, furrowing his brow at the scene in front
of him.

"You like that about me," Kronn replied, grinning as his boyfriend bent
down to pick up a discarded pair of socks from the floor. He was
stretched out on the sofa, wearing only a pair of old sweatpants. Kronn
never wore clothes inside unless he could help it, the sweatpants were a
gesture of politeness more than anything else. Daniel didn't like it
when he walked around naked.

"I do. Up to a point," Daniel said and smiled back. As annoying as he
found his partner's tendency to mess up their shared space, he realised
that his own neat-freak tendencies weren't the healthiest either. "But
can we keep the dirty laundry off the floor? Please?"

"You're cute when you try to tell me what to do," Kronn said, scratching
his bare stomach as he watched Daniel try to stand his ground. "Tell you
what though, we can compromise. You don't want my clothes to end up on
the floor, and I don't want to have to put them in the laundry
basket..." Kronn stood up, slowly backing Daniel into a corner. "Why
don't I just put them here instead?"

With one hand, Kronn pinned Daniel against the wall. With the other, he
took the balled-up t-shirt he'd been wearing just ten minutes ago and
pressed it to Daniel's face. Kronn growled in delight as he watched
Daniel shudder and inhale from the slightly moist fabric.

"Did you shower today?" Daniel asked, his voice muffled by the shirt
pressed against his face.

"No," Kronn said, leaning down to Daniel's level. "But you like that
about me." Daniel just groaned, breathing in the heavy smell of his Orc
boyfriend. "Now, did you have something to say about my dirty laundry?
Do you want me to put it somewhere else?"

Daniel shook his head. Fuck if he was going to say no to this. Sure, he
found Kronn to be a sloppy mess that drove him up the wall, but he
needed that. Needed his boyfriend to put him in his place sometimes.
Needed to come home to someone who didn't care when he did the dishes or
if the bed was made just right.

"Glad to know we're in agreement," Kronn said, pulling the dirty t-shirt
back from Daniel's face. He smiled as he saw his shorter boyfriend blush
from the rough treatment. "Now come spend some time with me."

"Yeah, okay," Daniel said. This always happened. He'd get worked up
about something, and Kronn would get him over it. He had varying
methods, but if it got the job done, who cared?

"Come here, sweetheart," Kronn said, laying back on the sofa with his
arms opened. He smiled as Daniel lay down next to him, immediately
pulling him in for a hug. "How's everything?"

"I'm okay," Daniel said, his hand idly fiddling with one of the buttons
on his shirt.

"Only okay?" Kronn said, touching his forehead to Daniel's. He could
tell something was off. He hadn't dropped *that* many clothes on the
floor, and his boyfriend seemed down about something else. "Something
happen today?"

"Dad paid me a visit at work," Daniel said, staring forward with his
eyes unfocused.

"What did you tell him?"

"I told him to leave," Daniel said and sighed. "I don't think he has my
phone number and he doesn't know I live here, but security at the office
still lets him in because we're related." He said the last part through
gritted teeth, trying not to get himself upset at the thought of his
family showing up again. It didn't work very well. "I just... I just
want them to leave me alone, is that so much to ask? I don't want to go
back to them..." His voice broke on the last part, tears welling up in
his eyes.

"Shh... It's okay, it's okay," Kronn said, drying his boyfriend's eyes.
"Like you said, they don't know you live here. I'll protect you, ok?"
Daniel nodded, letting Kronn's comforting arms hold him tight. Even if
nothing else felt right, this always worked to make him feel safe. "If
you think they're going after you again, you just need to tell me about
it. You're safe here."

"Thank you," Daniel said, smiling through the tears.

"No need to thank me, love," Kronn said. "You already repay me by being
here with me." He meant what he said. Kronn loved Daniel so much it
hurt. He'd walk over burning coals to keep his boyfriend safe. Sometimes
he wondered if Daniel felt the same, but when he felt how the Human
hugged him at night or relaxed when he was around, there was no doubt in
his mind.

"You're too cheesy," Daniel said, smiling as his hands wandered over his
lover's side and stomach, petting the soft black hair that covered his
green skin. "I like that about you." Kronn laughed as Daniel echoed his
own words back to him.

*- 2 years earlier -*

Angry voices pierced the night. Flurries of snow settled like roadside
clouds outside the brick townhouse. The front door swung open on two
figures opposite each other, one of them on the way out and the other
trying to prevent it.

"I've made up my mind," Daniel said, tightly clutching a packed duffel
bag. "I'm leaving."

"Is that how you're going to treat your family?" Charles McCoy said,
face beet red with indignant rage. "What's your mother going to say when
she finds out? What about your sisters?" Typical of Daniel's father, he
resorted to emotional blackmail when his earlier threats hadn't worked.

"You can't keep me locked up, dad," Daniel said, stepping out of the
door as if to prove his point. "If you want to stay in touch, you'll
have to accept who I am. I'm not going to change for you."

"You had no trouble changing for that disgusting creature you're
spending your time with!" Charles said, his eyes narrowing as he
followed Daniel outside. "He did this to you. You weren't born into
this!"

"He's a person, he has a name!" Daniel yelled back, both men raising
their voices at each other. "I won't stay with someone who talks about
the people I love like that." His dad spat on the ground in response.

"Don't think this is the end, Daniel," Charles said, clenching his fists
as Daniel walked down the driveway to the road. "You won't see another
penny from this family, I guarantee that!"

"I don't want your blood money," Daniel said, shutting the front gate
behind him as he walked away down the street. He didn't listen to the
other insults yelled at him, and soon enough he was alone in the winter
silence. Stopping beneath a street light, he dialled a number into his
phone and waited for an answer.

"Hey love, you're calling late," Kronn answered. Sensing the trepidation
from Daniel, he followed up. "Something the matter?"

"I didn't wake you, did I?"

"That doesn't matter, silly. I'm always happy to get a call from you,"
Kronn replied.

"Can I come over to your place?" Daniel said. He shivered in the cold,
having not dressed for the cold weather.

"Of course, but isn't your family going to wonder?" Kronn said. Daniel
didn't reply immediately, trying to find the right words. "Wait, you're
not just coming over for a little while, are you?"

"I had a fight with my dad," Daniel began, his voice shaking as the
reality of what had happened began to sink in. "I can't go back there."

"Where are you now?" Kronn asked. In the background, Daniel could hear
the sounds of someone hurriedly dressing.

"Just a few blocks away, close to the caf√©," Daniel said, leaning
against the street light. The snow fell in large droves, muffling all
sounds around him.

"Just wait for me there, I'll be with you in a minute."

"Alright, thank you."

Twenty minutes later, a beat-up Ford Mustang pulled up. Kronn leapt out,
rushing over to Daniel. The snow fell quietly around them as they
embraced. Daniel was freezing and Kronn lent him his jacket to wear. In
the car on the way to Kronn's home, Daniel explained what had happened.

"He'd suspected for a while, I think," Daniel said, staring ahead of
them at the road. "But he had been at a meeting with the others and I
guess they started asking why I hadn't been there in a while. Then one
thing led to another and we were yelling at each other. Mom wasn't home,
maybe she would have stopped it but I couldn't avoid this any longer."

"Did he hurt you?" Kronn said, tightly gripping the steering wheel, his
knuckles turning a light green. "If he laid a hand on you, I'm turning
the car around." Kronn had seen the bruises and the scars. He understood
well enough where they had come from.

"No," Daniel said. "He didn't touch me." He fiddled with the buttons on
Kronn's jacket, sinking into the familiar warmth and scent of his
boyfriend coming from the fabric.

They passed the rest of the drive in silence. Kronn turned on the radio
after a while, letting a late-night talk radio programme fill the void.

"I think mum is still up," Kronn said as they pulled up outside his
family home. "She'll understand if you don't want to talk, we can just
go up to my room if you'd rather be alone."

"No, I don't mind," Daniel said and managed a weak smile. "Your mum's
nice, I'm happy to talk to her."

As they entered the house, they immediately heard footsteps coming to
greet them.

"What was so important you couldn't tell me about it?" Lorana Windsong
walked in from the living room with her arms crossed. Her frown softened
as she saw her son had company with him. "Oh hey, Daniel. Is everything
OK?"

"It's kind of a long story," Kronn said, but he was stopped as soon as
his mother saw the bag Daniel was holding and the fake calm on his face.

"Oh dear." She pushed her son out of the way and leaned down to wrap her
arms around Daniel. "I'm so happy you're here, love."

"Thanks," Daniel said, weakly returning the hug.

"You look like you're freezing, let's get you warm," Lorana said,
pulling Daniel with her to the kitchen. Kronn helped Daniel up onto a
bar stool while his mother made tea for the tree of them. The mugs, much
like the furniture, was oversized for Daniel, but he was grateful
nonetheless.

Daniel didn't have to spend long recounting what had happened, Kronn
told most of the story for him. Lorana just shook her head and held
Daniel's hand.

"It's late, you boys should go get some sleep," Lorana said, putting
their mugs in the dishwasher. Saying good night, they made their way up
the stairs to Kronn's bedroom.

"Don't worry about that now," Kronn said, interrupting Daniel as he
opened his bag to take out the clothes and belongings he'd brought with
him. "We can take care of all that later." Kronn quickly shrugged off
his clothes and sat down on his bed, motioning for Daniel to join him.

"This all feels so weird," Daniel said. He stood in the middle of
Kronn's bedroom, looking at the lovingly disorganised mess around him.

"What do you mean?" Kronn said, sitting back as Daniel slowly took off
his shirt.

"Just being here like this, I guess," Daniel said, folding his shirt and
pants and putting them away. "I don't know what to say..."

"I do," Kronn said, scooting over to make room for Daniel on the bed.
"This is your home now, and I'm happy to have you here." He waited for
Daniel to inch closer before wrapping both his arms around him. Kronn
ran a hand through Daniel's blonde locks, admiring the way it contrasted
against his own green skin.

"Thank you," Daniel said, resting his head against Kronn's bicep. "I
love you."

"I love you too," Kronn said. "Don't worry about how we got here, right
now is what matters." Kronn flexed his arms around Daniel, holding his
smaller boyfriend tight. Maybe it was opportunistic of him, but he
couldn't help but think of how happy he was to have Daniel with him.

When Kronn woke up, Daniel was still sleeping. Even fast asleep, Daniel
was snuggled close, his arms wrapped around as much of Kronn's chest as
he could reach. Kronn yawned and laid his cheek against the top of
Daniel's head. *He always smells so sweet*, Kronn thought and smiled.
Since they started dating, it'd been a rare occasion that they'd get to
wake up together like this. Daniel's family had always had such a tight
grip on him, rarely if ever letting him get away with staying the night
somewhere.

Kronn lifted the covers off the two of them just a bit, enough to peek
at the sight of their bodies intertwined. He loved the contrasts between
them. Daniel was so slight, like a birch next to a large oak. It made
Kronn feel all the more protective of him. Running his free hand down
the side of Daniel's arm, Kronn noted the multitude of scars
crisscrossing his soft skin. Kronn frowned. Daniel usually wore long
sleeves for a reason.

"I won't let them hurt you again," Kronn whispered, more for himself
than for Daniel. Now that he was here, Kronn was going to make sure that
his boyfriend was safe.

He would have loved to go back to sleep for another hour or two, but
Kronn's relaxed mood was interrupted by the sound of angry voices
outside the house. He lay still for a while, trying to make out what was
said, until he heard a car pull up outside, and several more voices join
the chorus outside.

Making sure not to wake his slumbering boyfriend, Kronn got out of bed
and walked over to the window. He could just barely make out the flash
of blue lights and two policemen outside. And his mother, standing in a
bathrobe in the driveway.

As quietly as he could, Kronn pulled on a pair of pants and a t-shirt
and raced down the stairs.

"What's going on here?" Kronn said, opening the front door to
investigate the commotion. A police car was parked across the driveway,
blocking the street. Lorana stood beside it, talking to one of the
policemen who seemed increasingly uncomfortable with the situation.

"That's him!" As soon as Kronn walked outside he heard the shrill voice
of a woman screaming from the street. Lorana rolled her eyes and turned
to face Kronn. Two other policemen restrained the shouting woman. "Give
me my son back, you beasts!" That told Kronn all he needed to know about
what was happening.

"I guess we had to meet the parents at some point," Lorana said.

"Did you call the police?" Kronn said, wiping the sleep from his eyes.

"No, she did," Lorana said. "I don't know what she told them but I think
they've caught on to her act at this point." She brushed a lock of dark
hair from her eyes, observing as the policeman she had been talking to
wrote

"I think Daniel's still asleep," Kronn said. "Do you think I should wake
him?" He never got an answer to his question, hearing the front door
open behind him. "Hey there," He said, trying his best to smile as
Daniel's eyes went wide at the scene.

"Oh no," Daniel said. He stepped slowly out into the front yard. He was
wearing one of Kronn's shirts. What would be tight on his boyfriend was
way oversized, but Kronn had worn it last night and Daniel found it
comforting. "What happened here?"

"Your mother decided to stop by," Kronn said, placing himself between
Daniel and the others. "Don't worry about it, it's under control."

"This doesn't look very controlled," Daniel said, leaning around Kronn
to see what was going on.

That was when Mary McCoy, who until now had been ably restrained by the
police, spotted her son across the street. "Daniel!" She lunged across
the street; the surprised policemen unable to stop her.

Daniel and Kronn could do nothing but watch in horror as Daniel's mother
threw herself at them. Lorana, however, wasn't about to let the
situation escalate further. Quickly intercepting the charging woman, she
pushed Mary onto the ground, baring her teeth like an enraged den
mother.

"Not one step further, bitch," Lorana said, holding Mary down. Even in
her fury, Lorana possessed a strength that Mary would never have been
able to overcome. This finally got Mary to stop struggling for a moment,
and from her position on the ground she could see her son's horrified
face looking down on her. Daniel was sad to witness the entire event,
but his eyes betrayed the icy contempt he felt for his mother.

"Are you Daniel McCoy?" One of the policemen asked. His two colleagues
got Mary up off the ground and escorted her away from the house. She
didn't look back.

"I am," Daniel said, unconsciously holding onto Kronn's arm as the
police questioned him. "I'm not here against my will if that's what
you're going to ask." The policeman wrote his answer into a notebook,
slowly shaking his head at the whole ordeal.

"Are we done now?" Lorana asked, stepping between Daniel and the
policeman. "I don't think there's anything more for you to do here."

"I apologise for all this ma'am," The policeman said. "We're just doing
our job. If someone claims that their child has been taken away from
them, we have to investigate."

"Let's get back inside," Kronn said, pulling Daniel with him back into
the house. Even with the door shut, they could hear Lorana arguing with
the police. "I don't think I need to ask you how you feel," Kronn said.
Daniel shook his head.

"I'm sorry I dragged your family into this," Daniel said, shuffling his
naked feet against the tile floor. Wearing only a t-shirt and a pair of
pants, the cold air had chased any warmth out of his body.

"Don't apologise, love," Kronn said, taking one of Daniel's hands in
his. "You're not a burden, never think that about yourself. You hear
me?" Daniel nodded in response. "Besides, if you were a burden," Kronn
said, grinning as he bent his legs to get down to Daniel's height.
"Would I be able to do this?" He hooked one arm around Daniel's torso
and the other behind his knees, sweeping the shorter boy into his arms.

"Maybe you're just really strong?" Daniel said, laughing as Kronn
manhandled him. At least for the moment, he could stop worrying about
his family.

"Oh, I am," Kronn said, leaning in to kiss Daniel's cheek. "I'll spend
as much time as you want showing you *exactly* how much I can lift."

"I think I'd like that," Daniel said, smiling as Kronn planted small
kisses down his cheeks and finally onto his mouth. He laid his arms
around Kronn's thick neck, pulling them together as their mouths opened,
tasting each other.

Daniel closed his eyes, happy to let Kronn's larger tongue fill his
mouth. Feeling Kronn's thick tusks press into his skin reminded him of
who he was with. How small and tame he himself was in comparison.

"It's early still, do you want to go back to bed?" Kronn asked, brushing
the early morning hair out of Daniel's eyes.

"What about your mum? She's still out there," Daniel said, nodding
toward the front door. They could faintly make out the sounds of Lorana
arguing with the increasingly exhausted police officers.

"If we wait for her, we'll grow old and die here," Kronn said. He tried
his hardest to make Daniel smile. He knew his boyfriend had a lot on his
mind, but if he could show him that everything *could* be alright, then
maybe eventually it would.

"I doubt I'll sleep any more, but okay," Daniel said, letting Kronn
carry him back up the stairs.

"You look cute in that shirt, by the way," Kronn said, kicking his
bedroom door shut behind them.

"Thanks, I figured since it fit you so well it might rub off a little on
me," Daniel said.

"You looked amazing even without it," Kronn said, gently laying Daniel
down on his bed, following close behind and pulling the covers over
them. "Also, it makes you smell like me. I like that."

"You're so possessive," Daniel said and smiled, snuggling close to
Kronn, enjoying the warmth from his boyfriend's body.

"Maybe, but you like that about me," Kronn said, pulling the covers
tight around them.

*- 2 years later -*

"I had a call from your mother today," Daniel said, putting the last
plate in the dishwasher. "She wanted to talk about your birthday."
Daniel turned around to see Kronn lean his head back in exasperation. "I
can't keep making excuses for you on this one, love. She wants to
celebrate her only son's birthday."

"It worked well enough last year," Kronn said, closing his book and
putting it away on the coffee table. "Can't you work your magic again?"

"Last year we were in the middle of moving in here, and you still had to
submit to some celebrations once we were just a bit settled in. Besides,
why would I?" Daniel said, leaning back against the kitchen counter. "I
sympathise with her on this one, I want to celebrate your birthday too.
You're the mushiest person I know but you won't let us do stuff for you
*once* a year." Kronn closed his eyes and pretended not to hear. Maybe
if he ignored it the problem would go away on its own. "Why are you so
against it? You have no issue when it's other people."

"I've never enjoyed birthdays. They make me feel old."

"You're twenty-five years old, you goof," Daniel said. "You have no
right to call yourself old."

"You wouldn't understand, you're younger than me," Kronn said, smiling
as Daniel shook his head. "Besides, what if Orcs age differently from
Humans? Have you considered that?"

"Now you're just making things up," Daniel said, wringing the water out
of a dishrag and hanging it to dry. "We don't have to do anything big,
but this is out of your hands. I'll call Lorana and make some plans,
with any luck I can convince her to keep things low profile enough."

"Alright, fine." Kronn groaned, watching as Daniel finished cleaning the
kitchen.

"I don't want to make assumptions," Daniel said, drying his hands and
walking out of the kitchen into the living room. "But don't feel guilty
about letting people do nice things for you."

"Now who's being mushy?" Kronn said, leaning back against the sofa
cushions.

"You are, you told me that first," Daniel said, standing behind the
couch. "It was sound advice; I'm just returning the favour." Kronn
leaned his head back and Daniel ran his fingers through his thick, brown
hair.

"Touch√©," Kronn said, stretching his arms up and around Daniel standing
behind him. "Now that I think of it though, I actually do have a
birthday plan I'd like to discuss with you." Daniel raised his eyebrows
in surprise. "Come sit with me and I'll tell you about it."

Daniel walked around the sofa and sat down beside Kronn, smiling as the
Orc immediately pulled him up onto his lap instead.

"We don't have to do this *on* my birthday per se, but I thought maybe
we could go somewhere together over a weekend or so?"

"That sounds nice," Daniel said, resting his head against Kronn's soft
belly. "Anywhere specific you had in mind?"

"You remember my uncle that you met a few months ago?" Kronn said.

"A weekend with your uncle?" Daniel said, looking up at Kronn in
disbelief. They'd met at a family function Kronn couldn't get out of,
and the uncle in question had proven to be an enthusiastic drinker. On
the whole, Daniel found him to be entertaining, albeit in small doses.

"Not exactly, we'd be desperate to leave by the first day," Kronn said,
laughing at his boyfriend's visible discomfort. "He has a small house a
few hours north, close to Van Horne, I think he'd be happy to let us
stay there for a few days."

"What kind of place is it?"

"It's beautiful, he showed me some pictures and I think you'd love it.
It's just by a lake, nothing around but trees. It's got running water
but no electricity."

"Just an excuse for you to chop firewood then," Daniel said. "My
handsome lumberjack." He smiled as Kronn flexed one of his arms.

"A great excuse to hold you tight by the fire," Kronn said. "It's going
to be cold, so you'll have to stay close for warmth."

"You know I'm always down for that," Daniel said. Laid back against his
boyfriend, he could barely reach up to touch Kronn's face with his
hands. Kronn closed his eyes as those small fingers ran through his soft
beard. His whole body shivered as Daniel's fingers ran up and down the
side of one of his thick tusks. They felt more like horns than teeth,
equally useful for biting into meat and for feeling the touch of a loved
one's fingers.

"What do you think, should I call him and check when we could borrow the
place?" Kronn said, leaning his face against Daniel's soft hands.

"I think it sounds perfect," Daniel said. "Getting snowed in together
sounds like a sweet weekend plan."

"That's the answer I was hoping for."

"Well let's be real here," Daniel said. "What're the chances I'd be
against it?"

"Maybe if my uncle got involved a bit more?"

"Good point, I would veto that," Daniel said. "I mean, if you really
wanted to spend time with him, I would pull through, don't get me
wrong..."

"I'd much rather be alone with you," Kronn said.

"Me too," Daniel replied, locking eyes with his boyfriend. Kronn had
amazing eyes, he thought. Deep brown, always with a kind glimmer in
them. Full of love for the world around him, but never with naivet√©.

"I was thinking the same weekend as my birthday," Kronn said. "We can
knock out the celebration with my dear mother early, and then disappear
for a few days."

"Will I even be allowed to mention that you've gotten a year older?"
Daniel said. Kronn began to answer but he interrupted. "Don't worry, it
sounds like a perfect plan. If you're not keen on birthdays it's fine
with me."

"Thanks, love," Kronn said, taking one of Daniels hands in his.

"I'm still going to get you something, you can't weasel yourself out of
it completely. It's not all about you," Daniel said, grimacing at Kronn
as he rolled his eyes.

"Fine, if you insist," Kronn said, not quite smiling.

"I'm afraid I do," Daniel said, holding one of Kronn's hands. "Oh, and
there's another thing you can't get out of." Daniel leaned into Kronn's
side, looking up at the Orc. "You stink. Much as I find it exciting now,
you need to shower before it becomes unattractive."

"You and my mother sound more alike for every day that passes," Kronn
teased, laughing as Daniel frowned.

"I'm better at cooking than she is, and Lorana barely has a sense of
smell," Daniel said, folding his arms. "I like to think I'm trying to
bring out your better self."

"Well, that's admirable," Kronn said, standing up off the couch,
bringing Daniel with him in the process. "But you're right, let's get
clean."

"We might do more than that," Daniel said, laughing as he saw Kronn
immediately crack a smile. "Oh, don't give me that look, how unexpected
was it really?"

"You never know, maybe one day you'll get tired of me and want something
more exciting," Kronn said as they entered the bathroom and watched
Daniel remove his shirt and pants. "Were we not supposed to shower?"
Kronn smiled as Daniel approached him, running his hands across his bare
torso.

"I thought you looked hot," Daniel said, running his hand down Kronn's
arm, admiring the power contained beneath the skin. Kronn grinned and
lifted his arm, flexing his heavy bicep against Daniel's lithe hands.

"This what you wanted?" Kronn said. Eyes narrowed, he watched as Daniel
craned his neck to lick the underside of his muscled arm. Seeing his
smaller boyfriend reverently appreciate his body always got him going.
"I can do you one better," He said, grabbing Daniels neck with his free
hand and pushing him inward, planting the Human's face right in his
armpit. Daniel moaned as he inhaled, letting the feral, masculine musk
fill his lungs.

*'What would his dad say if he saw this?*' Kronn thought, teeth bared as
Daniel raked his soft tongue through his hairy armpit. He didn't say it
out loud, thinking it would kill the mood. Nevertheless, he couldn't
help but find some measure of satisfaction in the thought.

"Find something you like?" Kronn said, smirking as Daniel's hands
travelled south over his belly down toward his crotch.

"Yeah, I want your dick."

"I see foreplay is over," Kronn said, supressing a laugh as Daniel
stepped out of his underwear and kneeled down on the tile floor. Daniel
in turn rolled his eyes and grabbed the hem of Kronn's sweatpants,
swiftly pulling them down. "Do I at least get bonus points for wearing
clothes inside like you asked?"

"If you didn't," Daniel began, planting his face in the tight space
between Kronn's thighs, letting the filled-to-bursting pouch of his red
briefs rest on his face. "I would have to do this all the time, and I'd
never get anything done."

"That doesn't sound so bad," Kronn said, gripping the back of Daniel's
head and shoving him against his sizeable -- if still contained --
manhood. "I could get used to keeping you here. Just be a good boy and
stay on my cock, I'll do everything else."

Foreplay clearly wasn't over quite yet.

Daniel groaned as he buried his face against the thin cloth separating
him from the beast he was hoping to awaken. His face growing moist with
a mixture of his own saliva and sweat as he worked over the fabric with
his mouth open. Kronn had worked out earlier in the day and had clearly
not bothered to clean off since then. '*He knows me too well*,' Daniel
thought.

"Let me help you out," Kronn said, hooking his thumbs into the waistband
of his briefs and peeling the now-soaked garment from his skin. As soon
as his underwear hit the floor, Daniel found his face being roughly
shoved back against the fully exposed Orc cock. Opening his mouth,
Daniel let his tastebuds be assaulted with the unconcentrated taste of
virility flowing off his boyfriend's loins.\
At some point after they got their apartment together, Kronn had stopped
showering after the gym. It didn't take a genius to figure out why he
did. For all his bluster about keeping the place clean, nothing made
Daniel more willing to get on his knees than Kronn marking him with his
scent.

As Kronn smeared Daniel's smaller human face with his oversized manhood,
that's what he was doing. Marking what was *his*. He'd scare away any
danger, beat any challenger, and they would all know that Kronn Windsong
was in charge here.

"Enjoying yourself?" Kronn asked. Daniel didn't need to answer him, his
current position was enough. His mouth was opened wide, tongue stretched
out to bathe Kronn's enormous bull balls in his spit. He'd already had
dinner, and Kronn was happy to let him have dessert. "Good boy..." Kronn
whispered, slowly stroking his thickening dick while his boyfriend got
drunk on his scent and taste.

Kronn let Daniel serve his nuts for another few minutes before he pulled
the Human off of him. Face wet with spit and sweat, Daniel had barely a
moment to catch his breath before his mouth was filled with the head of
Kronn's manhood. For a moment, Kronn let Daniel swirl his tongue around
the ridged crown of his cock. With his arousal mounting, spoonfuls of
syrupy precum streamed from the tip of the deep green glans. Daniel
greedily drank all of it, eyes closed in enjoyment. Soon, however, Kronn
needed more.

With a gentle tap on his cheek, Kronn let Daniel know to hold his
breath. The Human nodded back up at Kronn, earning a gentle stroke of
his hair. Slowly, Kronn began to pull Daniel's face toward him. The
Human's throat opened willingly in recognition of the veined spire. It'd
taken much practice, but Daniel could take everything Kronn had to give
him by now.

Daniel moaned around Kronn's cock as his nose was pressed against the
Orc's pelvis. It was so easy for him to sink into this headspace. Kronn
could gently hold his head and guide him up and down, his throat slowly
milking the Orc. He became a receptacle to be filled, a small and simple
being that Kronn could lovingly dominate.

"Good boy, you're doing so well," Kronn said, his hands slowly massaging
Daniel's throat, marvelling at the obscene bulge that moved up and down
as he thrust in and out. Daniel's hands held tightly onto Kronn's
thighs, stroking the thick musculature covered by a layer of fat.
Occasionally his nails would dig in as Kronn thrust more aggressively.
Wordlessly communicating what he could take. Encouraging the Orc to use
him.

"You ready, love?" Kronn said, groaning as he thrust his thick cock in
and out of Daniel's welcoming mouth. "I'm gonna fill you up, give you
everything you need." Kronn held Daniel's head in a vice grip, grinding
the Human's head against him. "Take it, take it all..." Kronn barely got
the last part out, his words swallowed and mangled by a mounting roar
from his very core.

Daniel tightly held onto his legs as Kronn's cock swelled even further,
before the floodgates opened. Instantly, Daniel felt a familiar warmth
fill his stomach as a river of thick seed burst forth into him. Kronn's
grip eased somewhat and he was allowed to pull back a tiny bit. His eyes
stayed closed, feeling every shot of Kronn's fertile cum fill his belly.
If he'd been full earlier, he was stuffed now.

Slowly, Daniel pulled back until just the swollen head of Kronn's cock
was still in his mouth. Even a full thirty seconds later, spurts of seed
filled his mouth. He savoured every mouthful he got, rolling his tongue
around the rich cream. A Human could never hope to compete with what an
Orc could produce. Kronn filled him in a way that no one else could.

As his climax abated, Kronn let his previously dominant hands caress
Daniel's hair and cheeks, smiling down as his boyfriend nursed on his
softening manhood. Daniel let the swollen shaft fall from his lips and
leaned in to gently touch his lips to Kronn's large bull nuts. Laying
kiss after kiss on the soft skin, he imagined he could feel them
pulsate, busy making more for him.

"Fuck, you're something else," Kronn said, helping Daniel to his feet
and into his waiting arms. He slowly moved forward until Daniel was
sandwiched between him and the bathroom wall, Kronn's strong arms
holding him up. "Let's see what you taste like," Kronn said, bending his
knees but holding Daniel against the same position on the wall.

"That feels so good," Daniel moaned as Kronn's thick tongue rolled
against his balls. Daniel was so small in comparison, his entire package
fit comfortably inside Kronn's mouth, his skin framed perfectly by
Kronn's thick tusks pressing into his pelvis. Kronn wasn't about to
complain, hearing Daniel's tortured moans as he stimulated every inch of
his lover's most sensitive spots was music to his ears. Well, almost
every spot.

After making sure that Daniel's slim legs were securely over his
shoulders, Kronn stuck one of his fingers in his mouth, coating it in
his thick saliva. He made sure to run his finger around Daniel's dick
together with his tongue, grinning at the gasp from above.

Looking up at Daniel's flushed face, Kronn slowly ran his well
lubricated finger down Daniel's backside, quickly finding the intended
target. At first, he gently caressed his lover's smooth, dimpled hole,
pushing inward when he heard Daniel moan louder.

Soon, Kronn had worked his finger in a few centimetres, meticulously
stretching the tiny opening to accommodate him. Every time he pushed
inward a little more, he felt Daniel's member throb with excitement in
his mouth, rewarding him with small drops of precum every time.

"Oh god, please Kronn let me-" Daniel's sentence froze in his throat as
Kronn aggressively sunk the rest of his finger inside Daniel at once,
while simultaneously sealing his lips around the furiously throbbing
Human cock in his mouth. "Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck," Daniel babbled like
a broken record as Kronn's finger pushed against his prostate, bringing
him right to the edge. The Orc wasn't about to let him get off so
easily, Kronn was going to enjoy the moment.

Suspended as he were, Daniel had no means of getting himself off, he was
completely at Kronn's mercy. Even if he tried to buck forward, Kronn
held him tight against the wall. Daniel's only hope was that his
boyfriend would eventually let him come.

Kronn knew exactly how to play Daniel. At a glacial pace, he rolled
Daniel's smaller cock and nuts around with his tongue, his finger
rubbing circles against the Human's prostate. Every so often, he'd push
a little harder, suck a little faster. Daniel would let out a
high-pitched moan, his hands balled into fists against the glazed tile
wall behind him.

Daniel knew that Kronn was perfectly happy to return the favour and get
Daniel off the way he himself did, but afterward they both agreed that
this was more fun. It played to their respective desires so perfectly.
Kronn felt strong, in charge. To Daniel, it was about being deliciously
helpless even when he was the one getting off.

"You ready?" Kronn asked, opening his lips just enough to get the words
out.

"Yes, yes, yes," Daniel nodded his head, watching as Kronn smirked, not
moving a single muscle to bring about his release. "Please let me cum,
I'm desperate." Daniel begged, his voice hoarse from moaning and from
taking Kronn's impressive package.

Daniel screamed as Kronn closed his mouth and sucked the air out of his
mouth, instantly surrounding his sensitive cock with his wonderfully
prehensile tongue. He could feel every ripple, every individual tastebud
rake against his overstimulated member. At the same time, Kronn pressed
his finger hard against Daniel's prostate, making waves of tranquilising
pleasure radiate through Daniel's body.

Daniel whimpered as he came. His toes were curled tight as ropes of cum
blasted against the roof of Kronn's mouth. The Orc drank it all down as
quick as he could. Daniel's seed was sugary sweet, Kronn couldn't get
enough of it. As Daniel's orgasm came to an end, Kronn gently sucked on
his softening dick, making sure that every drop ended up in his belly
where it belonged.

Daniel slumped against the wall, tired but smiling as Kronn let his
swollen package go, mischievously licking his lips. Kronn rose up fully,
bringing Daniel back into his embrace.

"Enjoy yourself?" Kronn asked, nuzzling the side of Daniel's face.

"Very much," Daniel said, turning his head to meet Kronn's lips. They
kissed slowly, both smiling in contentment.

"You smell like balls," Kronn said, laughing as Daniel rolled his eyes
at him. "Suits you, though. Maybe you should keep it?"

"Tempting, but we're in here for a reason," Daniel said, nudging Kronn's
face to look in the direction of the shower cubicle. Having received his
marching orders, Kronn walked over into the large shower.

Neither said much while they showered. Kronn lathered his hands and
scrubbed Daniel, gently caressing every part of his body. He loved the
feeling of running both his hands down Daniel's chest and stomach,
almost completely encircling the smaller body with his hands.

Once they had showered and dried off, they ended up in the bedroom.
Kronn lay back on the bed and patted the spot next to him. Daniel joined
him, resting his head against Kronn's shoulder.

"It's early still," Daniel said, looking out the window. It was dark
out, but the lights and sounds from the neighbourhood told him night
hadn't fully arrived yet.

"We've become a boring, old couple," Kronn said. "In bed by ten on a
Friday. No weekend plans. Maybe we'll watch a documentary tomorrow
before going to bed early again."

"Speak for yourself, you're the old man here."

"Even more impressive how I bagged a young beauty like yourself then,"
Kronn rolled over, quickly scooping Daniel into his arms and holding the
Human against his chest. "How'd I manage that one, huh? No riches to
speak of, I don't even have a flat stomach to show off at the beach."

"Anyone who sees you at the beach is going to be as turned on as I am,
no doubt," Daniel said, hugging Kronn's belly. "Radiant personality
*and* a hot body, you're a winning lottery ticket."

"I could say the same," Kronn said, running his fingers through Daniel's
still wet hair before yawning. "Must be my age showing there."

"You want to get an early night?" Daniel said, snuggling up against
Kronn's chest.

"Sounds like a good idea," Kronn said, enjoying the feeling of Daniel's
hands against his chest and stomach.

"Let's do it," Daniel said, sitting up and jumping off the bed. He
walked over to the bathroom, where Kronn shortly joined him. The floor
was still wet from earlier and Daniel tried in vain not to get his feet
wet.

They both brushed their teeth together. Daniel just spit out his
mouthwash as Kronn opened a small case of tools he kept in the bathroom
cupboard. He produced a coarse brush and a file from the leather case.
Daniel watched as Kronn put them to work on his tusks, filing down any
irregularities and brushing away the dust and tiny fragments that came
loose.

"See something you like?" Kronn said, eyes twinkling at Daniel as he
worked over his tusks.

"Of course," Daniel said, observing Kronn.

"You're paying an awful lot of attention to my chompers," Kronn said,
checking himself in the mirror before flashing Daniel a tusked smile.
"Do you have another weirdo fetish I'm unaware of?"

"Weirdo? Fetish?" Daniel said in mock offense. "I would never carry on
with such deviancy."

"So, what's the deal then?" Kronn said, leaning closer to Daniel.

"Well, I don't exactly have any tusks of my own, do I? I guess I've got
a fleeting interest in how they work." Daniel said, looking defiantly
into Kronn's eyes.

"Fair enough I guess," Kronn said, putting away the brush and file in
their case before storing it away in the bathroom cupboard. "Though it's
mildly disturbing that you'd choose *that* particular part to be so
fascinated by. Dentistry isn't very sexy."

"Is it actually dentistry?" Daniel said as they exited the bathroom.
"They're not really like teeth, are they?"

"You might be technically correct," Kronn said, lying down on the bed
while Daniel turned out the lights in the flat. "But this sounds like
something you would ask an agony aunt about, not your boyfriend."

"Maybe, I'll stop pestering you once I got an aunt handy," Daniel said,
taking his place next to Kronn who immediately embraced him from behind,
spooning him close. "Good night, love."

"Good night," Kronn said, smiling as Daniel's hands sought out his under
the covers.
