Old Soul\
Chapter Two

Slow music beats filled the stuffy air. Thin rays of sunlight filtering
in from street-level windows barely illuminated the claustrophobic
basement room. Kronn had to bend his neck down to keep from hitting the
ceiling as he made his way along the shelves filled with records. As he
walked, he combed through the titles, trying to find the one he was
looking for. His friend had specifically mentioned an American band he
had never heard of, and he hadn't been able to find a good image of what
the cover looked like. Still, he was determined to find her the perfect
gift.

Looking at the labels, he checked to make sure that he was going the
right way. '*This is R, should be at S soon,*' he thought. He continued
forward, bent down to inspect the record spines for the artist name.
Just as he was about to reach the section he was looking for; he felt
his shoulder collide with something solid. Startled, Kronn looked up to
see what was going on.

"Fuck," He swore, slamming his head into the low ceiling. He managed to
steady himself, only to notice he'd just barely avoided walking into a
shelf stacked with records. '*This place needs a sign out front to warn
for tight clearance,*' He thought. Most businesses valued their
customers enough to accommodate wildly varying heights and sizes, but
every so often you came across a place that wasn't quite up to code.

Continuing to follow the alphabet, Kronn worked through the shelf until
he found the section he wanted. And, at the very bottom, what looked
like the record he was after. He knelt down, inspecting the record spine
to make sure it was right. Sure enough, it matched his friend's
description perfectly. Now, the only problem was how he was going to get
to it. Kronn didn't see anyone else around, and trying to get at the
slim record sleeve himself, he was quickly running into issues.

The stack of cardboard sleeves was just a bit too small for his fingers
to get a grip on. '*Please don't fuck this up,*' He thought, grabbing
the entire stack of records and pulling it outwards.

"Hey, don't do that," He heard a voice a few meters in front of him say.
Too late. Kronn pulled the record stack free, only to notice that its
absence destabilised the entire shelf.

Eyes wide, Kronn watched as piles of paper, plastic and vinyl fell onto
the floor. The majority ended up falling right onto the source of the
voice he had heard just a few seconds earlier.

"Shit, I'm so sorry!" Kronn said, quickly getting to his feet. "Fuck!"
He exclaimed, once again hitting his head on the ceiling. He was going
to need bandages at this rate.

"I think you need more help than I do."

Kronn massaged his throbbing skull, watching as a blonde Human sat up on
the floor.

"I apologise, I'm an idiot," Kronn said, helping the Human to his feet.
He only laughed quietly, looking up at Kronn while dusting off his
employee uniform.

"Don't worry about it," the Human said, looking around him at the
records strewn about on the floor. "You're not the first to knock this
one over. I usually stay close to this area but I didn't quite get here
in time for once."

"I don't know what to say, please let me help," Kronn said, getting down
on his knees to help sort the records back onto the rickety shelf. He
looked closer at the Human in front of him. He wore a brown blazer with
a deep green shirt below. On the lapel, a bronze name tag. 'Daniel
McCoy'.

"Did you find anything worthwhile, at least?" Daniel asked, smiling as
Kronn helped him fill the shelf back up.

"Yeah, I'm buying a present for someone," Kronn said, holding up the
record he'd picked out.

"That's a great choice, I'll show you some similar albums if you're
interested in getting some variety," Daniel said, standing up to stack
the last of the records on the shelf. Standing up, Daniel wasn't much
taller than Kronn standing on his knees.

"Sure, that sounds great," Kronn said, rising to his feet in front of
Daniel, who motioned for him to follow.

"This part is a bit disorganised, we're in the process of moving things
around so not everything is in the proper order just yet," Daniel said,
leading Kronn along the labyrinth of shelves and crates, all stacked
with music. Kronn was only listening with one ear, he was busy eyeing up
the boy in front of him.

"These all are in the same genre," Daniel said, pulling a handful of
albums out of a crate to show Kronn. "If you enjoy the one you already
picked out, I think you'd like these as well."

Kronn looked carefully at the albums Daniel showed him, and several more
that Daniel gave him. Seeing his confusion, Daniel showed Kronn to the
turntables the record shop had set up to let customers listen before
they made a purchase.

It was well over an hour before they were done picking out different
records and listening to them together.

"Thanks so much for your help," Kronn said as Daniel rang up his total
and packed the records into a plastic bag.

"Happy to be of assistance," Daniel said, handing Kronn his purchase. As
he took the bag, their hands briefly touched. They both lingered for a
moment, neither commenting on it. "I hope your friend enjoys the gift."

"Thanks, I'm sure she will," Kronn said, backing away from the counter
as Daniel disappeared back into the labyrinthine basement room. Kronn
stood still for a moment, looking at the bag in his hand. He'd gotten
far too many records to make an appropriate present, but he hadn't said
no to a single suggestion Daniel had made. He was far too busy with
other thoughts. His hair, his eyes, the way those small hands turned
over an album or adjusted the volume knob on the receiver.

On his way out, Kronn read a sign above the front door. 'Thank you,
please return any time."

Kronn returned to the record shop every afternoon for the next week.

On his seventh visit, Daniel finally commented on it.

"You're not here for the music anymore, are you?" Daniel asked, picking
the needle up off the turntable to stop the music.

"I guess not," Kronn said, twirling the headphone cord around his
fingers. He looked at Daniel, who shook his head and cracked a smile.

"I have a job to do here, you know," Daniel said, smiling at Kronn. They
were sitting close to each other in the cramped listening booth. Kronn
opened his mouth to talk but Daniel interrupted him. "If you want to,
maybe we can meet up somewhere else? I'm running out of music
recommendations for you to not listen to."

"That sounds nice," Kronn said, taking his headphones off. "Maybe
tomorrow, or later today?"

"I'll be done here in about two hours, that work for you?"

"Sure, that's perfect," Kronn said, face beaming. "There's a café close
by, Saint's, do you know where it is?"

"Yeah, I've walked past it a few times," Daniel said, steadying himself
against Kronn's arm as he climbed past the Orc out of the tiny room.
"See you there at four 'o clock?"

"I'll see you there," Kronn said, smiling as Daniel waved goodbye and
walked off to serve the few other customers in the store.

Autumn leaves fell in droves as Daniel walked out of the record shop. He
looked at his phone, noticing he had a text message from his mother.
'Dinner at 7. Your sister is back from university.'

He frowned and deleted the notification. He didn't want to think about
his family right now. His parents were going to ask why he hadn't come
home at the time he usually did, but he could make an excuse. Maybe the
store had an unusual number of customers, or he had needed to sort the
shelves after someone tipped them over. Again.

Within a few minutes, he arrived at the café. Through the windows, he
saw Kronn wait for him by the entrance. On entering, he saw the Orc's
nervous face turn to a smile.

"Hey there," Daniel said, taking his gloves off as he entered.

"Hey yourself," Kronn replied, walking up to Daniel. He opened his arms,
but caught himself just before. "Oh, may I?"

"You may," Daniel said and smiled as they hugged. They didn't know each
other very well yet, but Daniel knew that being close to the Orc felt
nice. Kronn's arms made him feel at home, there was a feeling of safety
there that he found himself wanting more and more.

"I got us the table over in the corner by the bookshelf." Kronn said.
"Go take a seat and I'll order for us, what do you want?"

"I don't know, what's good here?" Daniel asked. Kronn spun them both
around to face the menu above the counter.

"They have all sorts." Kronn said. He still kept his arms around Daniel
and leaned down so their heads were closer. "If you want something
sweet, they can do hot chocolate or sundaes. There's coffee of course. I
quite like the lemonade here." Daniel didn't answer, torn between
reading the menu and zoning out against Kronn hugging him from behind.
"Or I could just surprise you?" Kronn suggested, grinning as Daniel
realised he'd stayed silent.

"That sounds like a good idea," Daniel replied, reluctantly extracting
himself from Kronn's arms and walking over to the far end of the café
where he had already left his jacket. The table Kronn had chosen was
somewhat secluded from the rest, hidden away in a corner. It felt like a
repeat of the cramped space they'd been meeting in for the last few
days.

It was easy for Daniel to see why Kronn had suggested this café in
particular. Besides being warm and welcoming, it was spacious and very
obviously furnished to accommodate guests of varying types. Even still,
Daniel found himself with his feet not quite touching the ground.

Lost in thought, he was startled back to reality when Kronn sat down
beside him with two large glasses. They were identical, both filled with
frothy green liquid, crowned with a cloud of whipped cream and thick
clumps of chocolate.

"Guess what it is!" Kronn said, excitedly shoving one glass in front of
Daniel who was only just coming to terms with the enormity of the drink.
Apparently not only the furniture here was over-dimensioned.

"Mint chocolate chip?" Daniel tried, having to grasp the glass with both
hands to lift it.

"Close." Kronn said, taking a big gulp from his glass. "*Matcha* mint
chocolate chip." He smiled at the Human taking a sip of the liquid.

"You have a sweet tooth?" Daniel said, scooping up one of the chocolate
bits and chewing it slowly.

"Maybe a bit," Kronn laughed and patted his slight gut.

"Well, I like it a lot."

"The milkshake or this bad boy?" Kronn grinned and once again gestured
to his belly.

"Maybe both?" Daniel laughed. He'd felt anxious before, but Kronn's
upbeat nature quickly melted any tension away. Soon, he felt the Orc lay
a big arm around him and bring him closer.

"You comfortable?" Kronn asked and smiled as the Human nodded. "I'm glad
you wanted to meet. I guess I haven't been as clear as I could have
been."

"I could have made an educated guess the fourth time you spent hours in
a record shop without buying anything," Daniel said, laughing as Kronn
adjusted his shirt collar. "And shuffling into a very tight space with a
stranger."

"Yeah..." Kronn said, stirring his spoon around the milkshake. "I was
nervous. I didn't know what you would say if I asked you."

"I'm here now, you can ask me whatever you want," Daniel said, relaxing
against Kronn's arm.

Kronn hesitated for a moment, staring off into the distance. However,
the presence next to him urged him on.

"Can I kiss you?"

"Let's find out," Daniel said, looking up at Kronn.

In the two seconds their faces were separated, the short distance was
electric. When they finally touched, both closed their eyes, leaning
into each other.

They both tasted like mint. Slowly, their lips and tongues touched,
exploring each other for the first time. '*He's so soft,*' Kronn
thought, his hand against Daniel's cheek. He held back, conscious of his
size, not wanting to make Daniel feel like he was being run over. Still,
he couldn't help but fill Daniel's mouth, immediately noticing how the
Human leaned into the kiss when he did.

"You're beautiful," Kronn said as they broke the kiss. His hands ran
through Daniel's blonde locks, rolling the soft hair around his fingers.

"You don't look so bad either," Daniel said, smiling as Kronn leaned in
to kiss him again.

*3 years later.*

"Welcome to Van Horne," Daniel read the road sign aloud as they passed
it by. The sun stood high in the sky, shining down on the snow-covered
pine forest behind them.

"Just a bit further now," Kronn said as they drove into the small town.
They weren't the only outsiders arriving. Tourists flocked to the area
in the winter season for skiing and the natural beauty. Kronn and Daniel
weren't about to mingle with the locals, however. They were only in town
to stock up on a week's worth of groceries. After that, they both looked
forward to locking themselves in for a while.

"How did your uncle get this place?" Daniel asked as they parked in
front of the grocery store. "He must have bought it ages ago, the prices
have gotten insane around here and he wasn't a millionaire last time I
checked."

"He inherited it from my grandparents," Kronn said, grabbing a shopping
cart and wincing at the loud screech as they pushed it along the parking
lot. "That's why we're not telling my mum where we're going, she got
snubbed on that part of the inheritance."

"Your uncle screwed your mother out of a house?" Daniel asked in
disbelief. From what he knew of Kronn's family, they didn't seem
particularly cutthroat.

"I'm not too sure on the full picture," Kronn said as they entered the
store. "I only really know what they've told me. Uncle Grash seems to
think he deserves the place, mum disagrees with that. I guess every
family has some darkness."

"You could say that again."

"Sorry, that was insensitive," Kronn said, looking on as Daniel loaded
their shopping cart with groceries.

"Don't worry, kiss me and I forgive you," Daniel said, laughing as Kronn
leaned down to plant a kiss on his cheek.

"I think we have an audience," Kronn said, discreetly motioning to an
old couple behind them. One of them, an old lady, pointed at Kronn and
Daniel and giggled as her husband smiled back at her.

"Seems to be positive attention," Daniel said, grabbing Kronn's hand.

After they finished up in the grocery store, they loaded the car and
headed further north. For a long time, they drove silently through the
dense pine forest. They'd long since left the major roads behind, and
had to drive slowly along the gravel roadway.

Eventually, the forest began to thin out. A battered roadside mailbox
alerted them to make a turn, and soon they found themselves pulling up
to their destination.

They'd stopped in front of a small wood house. The roof and yard were
covered by thick snow. It looked like a fairy tale location.

"This is it," Kronn said, stepping out of the car in front of the house.
"It's nothing fancy but I think it's cosy."

Daniel got out beside him, eyeing the area around them. Behind the
small, 1-story house he could see the glimmer of a frozen lake. In the
far background, the enormous mountain range stretched out. It was the
perfect postcard view.

"This is perfect," Daniel said, slowly walking out in front of the car.
He turned around to face Kronn. "This is so perfect!" He rushed into
Kronn's arms, embracing through their heavy winter clothes.

"I'm glad you like it," Kronn said, leaning down to quickly kiss Daniel.
"Let's get inside, we need to make a fire and get the place warmed up."

"Will I get to see you chop wood?" Daniel asked, grabbing a grocery bag
from the trunk of the car.

"You're really into the lumberjack thing, aren't you?" Kronn laughed as
they walked up to the cabin.

"Maybe a bit," Daniel said, waiting as Kronn unlocked the door. "You've
got the body and the beard for it. I hope you packed a flannel shirt."

"I did, actually," Kronn said, opening the door to the house. "Though
it's a bit cold for me to chop wood in only a shirt. You'll have to wait
for summer for that one."

"The mere thought will sustain me until then," Daniel said, carrying
their bags inside. Kronn opened them all to look through the contents.

"No electricity here like I said, so some of this stuff will go in the
shed outside," Kronn said, rearranging the grocery bags to store away in
the cold outside. "I think there's firewood ready. You want to make a
fire while I take care of this?"

"Yes sir," Daniel said, handing Kronn the remaining bags and walking
into the living room. The air inside was cold and stagnant. It was clear
that Kronn's uncle didn't visit very often.

The space was dominated by a large brick fireplace, complete with a
stuffed deer head above the mantle. Daniel suspected it was a fake, if a
good one. Beside the fireplace were stacks of chopped firewood. Daniel
picked out a few logs that looked promising and began stacking them in
the fireplace. '*Only good thing summer camp ever taught me*,' He
thought, tearing the bark off of a piece of birch wood and putting it
together with the smallest, driest pieces.

Daniel hadn't made a fire in a long time, neither he nor Kronn were very
outdoorsy, but the techniques the camp counsellors had imparted on him
still worked.

Slowly, the small fire ate into the bark and wood. Daniel fanned it with
a folded newspaper, watching as the flames rose toward the chimney. The
room began to warm up and Daniel sat back on the floor, watching as the
fire built to a small inferno in front of him.

"You get the fire going?" Kronn called from the next room over.

"Yeah, I banged a few rocks together and eventually it worked," Daniel
said, warming his hands against the flames.

"Cool, I have a surprise for you," Kronn said. Daniel looked toward the
doorway, but it was empty. "Just sit tight for a minute, I need a prop
for this."

"A prop? Are you putting on a show?"

"Something like that, I'm almost done." Daniel heard the rustling of
fabric in the next room, and a closet door opening and closing. Then,
footsteps coming toward the doorway.

"How do I look?" Kronn asked, entering the small living room. The
afternoon sunlight shone straight onto his upper body. He wore a red
chequered flannel shirt, buttons popped open to reveal his chest. In his
right hand, he carried a large axe, which he swung over his shoulder for
theatrical effect. Grinning as Daniel drank him in, he slowly stretched
his upper body, letting the shirt hem slip free from under the
unbuttoned, weathered jeans.

"You are the sexiest man to grace this planet," Daniel said, eyes wide
in wonder.

"Do you want to help your weary lumberjack boyfriend relax after a long
day out in the woods?" Kronn said, swaggering toward Daniel.

"Fuck yes," Daniel said. Kronn dropped the axe onto the floor as they
met in front of the fireplace. Daniel ran his hands over Kronn's chest,
feeling the fabric stretched taut over his powerful frame. "I'm buying
you more flannel shirts when we get home, this is so hot."

"If it gets you like this, I'll gladly do it more often," Kronn said,
enjoying the attention as Daniel marvelled at his body. "Come here." He
bent down to pick his boyfriend up. Daniel knew what to do, laying his
arms around Kronn's neck to let himself be cradled against the Orc's
chest.

"Bless your uncle for letting us stay here," Daniel said. He leaned in
toward Kronn's face, their lips crashing into each other. Their kiss was
hungry with need. The smell of burning wood mingled with pine resin from
the cabin walls, filling the air with an earthy, primal atmosphere.

"I want you right now," Kronn said, a string of saliva connecting their
lips as they barely separated. One of his hands cupped Daniel's butt,
squeezing the still covered skin.

"Same," Daniel said, capturing Kronn's lips once more. "Do me here, on
the floor."

"Fuck, that reminds me," Kronn said, setting Daniel down in front of the
fireplace. "One moment, I knew there was something else we needed."
Daniel took the opportunity to unbutton his shirt and pants, quickly
denuding himself and putting the clothes away on the sofa. Soon, Kronn
returned to the living room.

"Look at this," He said, holding up a huge stack of white and brown
animal pelts. Daniel looked on as he threw them down on the floor in
front of the fireplace, quickly creating a comfortable bedding.

"You're a genius, have I mentioned that?" Daniel said, taking off the
last of his clothes and putting them to the side.

Daniel lay down on the furs, feeling them warm his skin from the slight
chill in the air. Just in front of him, Kronn shrugged off his clothes
and threw them on the sofa behind them. His eyes glowed with lust. He
was a predator, and his prey had just willingly laid itself bare to him.

He was going to take what was his.

Daniel drew a sharp breath as Kronn grabbed his legs and spread them
wide. His eyes were glassy as Kronn slowly dipped his head down between
Daniel's legs. Every deep breath the Orc drew washing over his soft
skin, reminding him that he was at someone else's mercy.

"Be as loud as you want, love," Kronn said. Daniel moaned as Kronn's
tongue quickly flicked out to drag across his exposed cock. "There's no
one around to hear you but me." A threat and a promise of a good time to
come.

Kronn slowly lifted Daniel's entire midsection in his hands, dragging
his tongue down Daniel's taint to the smooth crack below. Daniel's eyes
shot open as Kronn's thick, wet tongue ran over his small hole. '*Let's
see what happens now,*' Kronn thought, aggressively driving his tongue
forward.

Daniel moaned breathlessly as he was penetrated. Kronn's tongue,
flexible but still plenty thick for a Human to take, raked over his
sensitive insides. It stretched him just right, testing his tightness.
Kronn wasn't going to let up until he was gaping wide open. Daniel would
never want anything other than Orc dick once he was done.

"Oh, fuck me," Daniel squealed, his hands tightly gripping the furs as
Kronn's tongue repeatedly speared his tiny hole. Every single time, the
Orc found his prostate, poking him just right. Kronn had a front row
seat to the show. He could see Daniel's face contort in pleasure, and
how the Human's cock jumped and throbbed endlessly. Kronn could make
Daniel cum just by eating him out, he'd done it before, but tonight he
wanted to feel his boyfriend writhe in pleasure beneath him.

Slowly stroking Daniel's stomach with his hand, Kronn continued to
lovingly stretch Daniel for his assault. His own dick was painfully
hard, dripping thick globs of precum onto the hardwood floor.

"You ready?" Kronn said, pulling back and laying Daniel down against the
thick furs. Daniel nodded, holding his legs open. Kronn scissored two
fingers in and out of Daniel's hole whilst spreading his freely flowing
precum across his cock. Soon, he laid the blunt head against Daniel's
small entrance. Locking eyes with his boyfriend, he bucked his hips
forward, letting the deep green meat penetrate Daniel.

Daniel closed his eyes, holding his breath as Kronn slowly fed the
veined monolith into him. He was no beginner, but he still had to grit
his teeth every time Kronn first entered him.

Minutes later, he felt Kronn's skin against his own. Opening his eyes,
he saw Kronn's face grinning down at him. He threw his head back as
Kronn flexed his cock inside him, a throaty groan escaping his open
mouth.

Bending his legs back, Kronn laid down on top of Daniel, pressing him
down into the sumptuous furs. He slowly ground his hips around in a
circle, watching as Daniel's eyes fluttered closed. Drawing back a
little bit, he shoved home once again, feeling Daniel's dick throb
against his belly.

"That feels so good," Daniel moaned as Kronn slowly thrust his entire
length in and out of him. He could feel every ridge and vein play
against his stretched opening. Every time Kronn speared him open, the
titanic length of green manhood perfectly pressed against his prostate,
sending ripples of forced pleasure through his body.

Kronn leaned down, planting his lips on Daniel's, kissing him slowly as
they made love. Daniel's toes curled with every movement, his head
spinning as Kronn deftly played his body.

"Fuck yes, give yourself to me," Kronn grunted. He broke the kiss,
letting Daniel's face slide down against his chest. He put more of his
weight on the little Human below him, feeling Daniel's face press into
the valley between his heavy pectorals. Drops of sweat gathered on them
both as the fire raged next to them. Daniel dragged his tongue against
Kronn's damp skin, his tastebuds alive with his lover's potent essence.

Kronn mashed Daniel's head against his chest and flexed his leg muscles,
driving his manhood hard into the Human's tight hole. Daniel's entire
body shook as Kronn forced his climax, his cock erupting untouched
between their bodies.

"You have such a hair trigger," Kronn said, lifting his body slightly to
let Daniel breathe. He didn't get a response, not that he was interested
in one. "Let's get you back where you belong." Kronn bent his upper body
slightly, stuffing Daniel's face into his armpit. He grinned as he felt
that soft tongue lap up his sweat. He caressed the back of Daniel's
head, keeping him still and encouraging him to continue.

Daniel was completely enraptured as Kronn resumed moving in and out of
his tight ass. His cock was rapidly hardening as he felt his load
lubricate the space between them. With the combined sensory assault of
Kronn's armpit and the massive Orc cock using his hole, it wouldn't be
long before he came again. Kronn took great pleasure in forcing Daniel
to orgasm time after time, wanting the Human to be an insensate,
fucked-out mess when they finished.

Meanwhile, Kronn was trying his hardest to hang on. Daniel's undersized
hole clenched like a vice around him, milking him like a determined
machine. Kronn had excellent stamina, but even he had limits.

'*Just a little bit longer,*' Kronn thought, pumping his hips up and
down in a steady rhythm. He wanted to feel Daniel come for him again,
wanted to feel his small body shake and quiver as he was used by someone
stronger. More than anything, he wanted to feel Daniel submit to him.
The knowledge that his love trusted him enough to lay himself completely
bare was intoxicating. It drove Kronn mad with desire.

Sensing that he wouldn't last much longer, Kronn laid his arms around
Daniel's upper body and pulled him up into his lap. Immediately, Daniel
drew a sharp, pleasured breath as he sank ever deeper onto Kronn's
member. With his face exposed to the air, Daniel had nothing to muffle
his cries. Every sharp upward thrust produced a throaty, high-pitched
whimper. Kronn held him in a tight grip, bouncing his Human up and down
as hard as he dared. He looked at Daniel's face, sneering in delight at
those flushed cheeks stained with his sweat.

Flexing every muscle in his body, Kronn slammed Daniel down onto his
manhood, pressing their lips together as the Human's mouth opened in
shocked pleasure. Daniel came again as Kronn snaked his tongue into his
mouth. Tears ran freely from his eyes in unrestrained joy as Kronn
buried his enormous Orc cock fully inside him. Daniel's full-body orgasm
sent Kronn over the edge, in turn. His toes curled and fingers gripped
Daniel in a death-grip as his member flexed and his scalding hot seed
poured into Daniel's guts.

They both moaned in unison. One voice an exhausted moan, the other a
powerful roar. Daniel laid his head against Kronn's shoulder, feeling
the Orc's thick cum pour into him, warming him from inside.

"Holy hell, that was good," Daniel said, looking at Kronn laying next to
him. The Orc's dark green skin glistened with sweat in the firelight.

"You could say that again," Kronn said, grinning as he rolled over to
kiss Daniel. They embraced in front of the fire, the furs clinging to
their sticky skin.

They lay together for a long while, slowly running their hands across
each other. Fairly soon, however, the dying light outside reminded them
of the hour.

"Come on, let's wash off," Kronn said, helping Daniel to his feet. The
Human walked on shaky legs, Kronn felt proud that it was his doing.

To Daniel's dismay, he soon discovered that there wasn't a real shower
installed. The house had running water, but no power to heat it with.

"There's an outdoor bathtub you build a fire underneath, we'll use that
tomorrow," Kronn said as they scrubbed each other in the bathroom.
Daniel shivered from the cold water, his eyes shooting daggers at his
boyfriend. "I guess I should have considered this before I put on the
flannel and hypnotised you with my lumberjack sex appeal."

"Yes dammit, you should have," Daniel said, bracing himself as Kronn
dumped a bucket of cold water onto him. "Fuck!" He hugged himself,
trying to conserve any measure of warmth he could. Kronn wasn't nearly
as bothered. His size and Orcish body temperature insulated him.

Daniel counted his lucky stars that he had packed warm clothes.

Once they'd dried off, they got to work on dinner. Kronn explained that
they'd have to use the outdoor grill to cook, and he soon found himself
standing alone on the veranda while Daniel watched from inside. '*I
probably deserve this,*' He thought, waiting for the grill to reach the
right temperature.

Kronn had wished for a quiet birthday celebration, and he got his wish.
Daniel didn't mention it even once, until they'd finished eating.

"I've got something for you," Daniel said, motioning for Kronn to stay
at the table while he went to get something. Kronn heard him searching
through their packed bags, and Daniel soon returned.

"So, don't hate me for this," Daniel said, sitting back down in front of
Kronn who looked puzzled. "I *know* that you're allergic to gifts and
all that stuff, but I couldn't just not give you anything." Daniel
produced a small, flat box wrapped in navy blue paper and handed it to
Kronn, who took it and read the label.

"Happy birthday, Kronn. Let this remind you that you are loved each time
you look in the mirror." Kronn quietly read the label, turning the small
box over in his hand.

"Come on, open it," Daniel said, urging him on.

Kronn slowly untied the red ribbon and slipped the box free from the
matte wrapping paper. Underneath, he found a small container, the words
'Diane Jewellery' embossed on the packaging in glossy gold.

Kronn opened the box. On the black velvet inside were two large silver
rings, each polished to a perfect mirror sheen.

"They're supposed to go on your tusks," Daniel said, smiling at Kronn
inspecting the thick silver bands. "I think I got them in the right
size, I had to do some guessing. If not, they can be resized."

Kronn just looked at the metal pieces in his hand. He held them up to
the light, seeing his own reflection in the surface. One of them had an
inscription on the inside. '*To every new day. All my love.*'

"Do you like them?" Daniel said, tilting his head to look Kronn in the
eye.

"Do I like them?" Kronn began, releasing a breath he hadn't noticed he'd
held. "They're beautiful, I love them." He met Daniel's gaze, the
twinkling candles like starlight in both their eyes.

"Happy birthday," Daniel said, walking around the table to where Kronn
was sitting, not breaking eye contact the entire time.

"Thank you," Kronn said, voice thick with emotion as he stood up,
wrapping his arms around Daniel.

"I love you," Daniel said, looking up at Kronn as they hugged.

"I love you too," Kronn said, a tear rolling down his cheek. He
tightened his arms around Daniel, as if he was afraid the Human would
slip away from him. "I love you so much..."

"Hey, none of that now," Daniel said, wiping the tears from Kronn's
eyes. Seconds passed, Kronn and Daniel quietly looking into each other's
eyes. The crackling from the fireplace filling the silence. "You need to
try them on, I want to see what they look like!"

"Of course," Kronn said, turning around to grab the jewellery box from
the table. He handed it to Daniel. "You do the honours."

Daniel picked up the silver pieces, holding them up to the light. They
were lightly tapered, with smooth edges. Kronn leaned down, holding his
head still as Daniel slid the twin rings onto his tusks. They fit
perfectly. Daniel took a step back, his arms stretched out in wonder.

"They're great!" He said, observing as Kronn ran a finger over the
metal. Kronn reached into his pocket and took out his phone, opening the
camera app to check himself out. "You look regal."

"Well, I am your king after all," Kronn said, grinning at Daniel. He
turned his head around, checking how the camera captured his face in
different angles. The silver sparkled in the candlelight, two glistening
points of light on his face.

"Hell yes, you are," Daniel said. "And now everyone who sees you will
know that."

"I should get you something to match," Kronn said, holding his arms out
to beckon Daniel toward him. "Like a collar or something."

"Well, that went from sweet to kinky very quick," Daniel said, laughing
as Kronn winked at him.

"Would you wear one?"

"A collar? I don't know. Maybe just get me a necklace instead?" Daniel
laughed, craning his neck to look Kronn in the eye. The silver rings
were classy, sure, but they also gave him a primal look. Like he was
some powerful, decorated warrior.

"Collar or not, you're mine either way," Kronn said, holding Daniel's
face in his hands. "Thank you, love. This is the best birthday gift I
could have asked for."

For the rest of the evening, they ended up lying together on the sofa.
The dying fire cast longer and longer shadows across the room. They
talked quietly, sometimes laughing at a joke, but neither felt the need
to say much.

When Daniel woke up the next morning, Kronn had left him a note on the
nightstand.

'*I'm taking uncle Grash's pelts into town to get them dry cleaned.
Didn't want to wake you. Be back soon. -K*'

Daniel got out of bed, taking the blanket with him. The sun was on the
way up. '*Must be just before noon,*' He thought. He dressed quickly,
trying to keep the cold at bay. Entering the living room, he looked at
the now empty spot in front of the fireplace.

"Lumberjack sex appeal," He said to himself, laughing quietly. He wasn't
very hungry, and decided he'd look around the house while it was still
day. Bundling himself in winter clothes, Daniel opened the door outside.

As he walked out to the veranda, the frozen lake in full view, Daniel
felt his phone buzz in his pocket. Pulling it up, he saw an incoming
call from a number he didn't recognise.

"Hello?" Daniel answered the phone.

"Hello, little brother," A female voice said. "Do you have time to
talk?"

"Elise. What do you want?" Daniel said, clenching his fists.

"What a way to greet your sister," Elise McCoy said, sanguine voice
filled with contempt. "Mum and dad have been trying to reach you. They
paid a visit to your home, if you can call it that, but you weren't
there. We need to talk. It's important."

"Anything they would say in person you can tell me now," Daniel said,
impatiently pacing the deck. The cold air felt harsh against his face.
It was barely past noon, but the sun had already begun to set. "Just get
it over with."

"Dad wants to make you an offer," Elise said. "He's prepared to let you
back into the family business if you return to the fold."

"I'm not interested. He should know I don't want any of it by now."

"I would think carefully about this if I were you. Don't think it will
be so easy to just disappear, Daniel. Me and Veronica will be making
sure that-." Daniel hung up, stuffing his phone into his coat pocket.

Daniel's eyes were blank, staring straight ahead to the lake below.
Steadily falling snowflakes settled in his hair, covering him with
endlessly glistening crystals of ice. The open mountain landscape did
little to help, walls were closing in around him from every direction.

He felt like a cornered, frightened animal who couldn't tell where the
danger was coming from. His hands slowly numbed from the cold as every
shallow breath drew the warmth from his body.

Daniel didn't even notice he was shivering, he tried to focus on calming
his heartbeat down. He slowly counted backwards from one hundred, his
fists clenched in his coat pockets. By the time he got to eighty, he had
to start over.

His vision blurred. The metallic taste of adrenaline stung his taste
buds. A second later, he bit down hard on his lower lip, drawing blood.
He didn't notice the sound of footsteps behind him.

"There you are," Kronn said, throwing one end of his scarf over his
shoulder. He walked closer when he didn't get a response. "Daniel?
Everything okay?" Kronn stepped in front of Daniel, immediately seeing
the icy panic in his eyes. "Hey, look at me," He laid both his palms
against Daniel's cheeks, forcing the Human to look up at him. "It's
okay, I'm here. It's going to be fine." Kronn bent his knees to get
their faces level.

Daniel's whole body shook as he cried. Kronn held him up, Daniel's legs
would've given out otherwise. He didn't know how long they stood
together.

"Everything's going to be okay," Kronn said, letting Daniel bury his
head against his chest. He didn't need to ask what had brought this on.
Kronn had experienced enough of Daniel's family to understand what a
wellspring of pain they were. Almost three years had passed since Daniel
left them, and they still knew how to twist the knife.

"I can't do this," Daniel said, voice shaking between ragged, short
breaths. "It's too much, I don't know what to do."

"That's not true, love," Kronn said, holding Daniel almost painfully
tight against him. "You're not alone, you're going to get through this."

Kronn held onto Daniel for as long as he needed, listening as Daniel's
breaths got deeper and calmer over time.

"Come on, let's go inside," Kronn said, steadying Daniel against him as
they walked back inside the cabin. Kronn had stoked the fire recently.
The brightly burning inferno lit up the room, casting flickering shadows
over the furniture. After helping him out of his coat, Kronn sat down in
front of the fireplace, pulling Daniel into his lap.

Daniel closed his eyes, feeling some of the tension leave his body.
Kronn's hand caressed his face, gently wiping the tears away from his
puffy eyes. The warmth from the fire stung against his reddened cheeks.

"It was Elise," Daniel said after a few minutes. "I guess I was dumb to
think they wouldn't get involved too."

"Your sisters, you mean?"

"Yeah, her and Veronica," Daniel said. "What do I have to do? How do I
get them to go away?" He slowly shook his head.

"I don't know," Kronn said. "We'll think of something together. What do
they want this time?"

"It's the same as always," Daniel sighed, his voice barely a whisper as
he let Kronn hold him. "Dad has this fixation with keeping the business
in the family, and it looks bad that his only son ran off." Daniels
voice grew louder as he talked, his despair slowly turning to anger.

"And, of course, they all go to the same fucked up church every week. I
bet the other women there talk behind my mum's back about how she lost
one of her children to 'evil'." He made air-quotes around the last word.
"It's all just appearances to them. If they could replace me with a
convincing enough mannequin, I bet they would."

"Maybe we should send them one, I think I know your measurements well
enough to make a decent replica," Kronn said, cracking a smile. Daniel
scowled back but couldn't hide a hint of amusement. "Oh, I saw a smile!"
Kronn teased him.

"Alright, it was a decent joke," Daniel said, breaking his frown. "Still
doesn't solve the problem, though."

"Don't stare yourself blind at this, Daniel," Kronn said, taking
Daniel's hand in his. "There's nothing you can do about it right now
either way. We'll deal with it when we have to. You don't owe them
anything, and they don't have power over you."

"That's not true," Daniel said, hanging his head down. "One phone call
and I'm a mess, I wouldn't call that powerless."

"Maybe, but you're doing so much better now than before," Kronn said. He
was silent for a moment, watching Daniel's chest rise and fall with
every breath. Kronn remembered the times he'd been woken up to Daniel
having nightmares, how he'd held him tight while he calmed down.
Sometimes the horrors were entirely imagined, most were based on
memories.

They'd spent too much time like that. For some time, the simplest things
would send Daniel hurtling off the edge. Breaking free from his family
had come at a terrible cost. For months, they hounded him. Letters,
phone calls and visits in person. If they had been harsh when he lived
with them, their malice truly blossomed in his absence. And now, they
seemed to be doing it again.

"Maybe you should go back to seeing Dr. Friedman? You haven't been in a
while."

"Maybe, I guess it's been a long time."

"I think it might be a good idea," Kronn said, combing Daniel's hair
with his fingers. "It takes time to work through this stuff, and
sometimes you need to take a step back and get some help."

"I'll call her once we get back home," Daniel said, looking up at Kronn
who smiled back at him.

"I'm proud of you," Kronn said. Daniel began to reply but he was cut
off. "No modesty now, I mean it. You've gotten so far, and that says so
much about how strong you are." Daniel just nodded. Kronn didn't need
him to reply, he knew he'd gotten through.

They both looked through the window as the snow fell outside, slowly
working to bury the house in a blanket of glittering whiteness. After a
while, Kronn opened his mouth to suggest they go for a walk, but noticed
that Daniel had fallen asleep in his arms.

Trying his hardest to be careful, Kronn scooped Daniel into his arms and
carried him to the bedroom. He pulled the covers over his boyfriend,
tucking him in and lying down beside him.

Whatever lay in store for them in the future could wait. For now, there
was no one around but two lovers and the endless, quiet wilderness.
