Conquest

Pt.3

*While most bound couples stay together through thick and thin, some are
broken up. As we*

*This story contains violence, kidnapping and a perception of romance
shared only by crazy people. If this makes you uncomfortable, consider
yourself warned.*

*Story Outline;*

1.  *Orc notices neighbouring human looking sad and weary, finds out his
    orc partner has left him.*

2.  *Orc takes him in, eventually coming to love him.*

3.  *The two become mates.*

"The Freedom and Independence Party, Coalition for Societal Harmony,
United Socialist Party, The Party for Strong Governance," I muttered to
myself as I sorted through the mail. "Who came up with these names?"

Elections were approaching, and political fliers had started showing up
in the mail. Most were ads from political parties, but a few were from
interest groups as well. One in particular stood out from the crowd.
"The Movement for Mandatory Binding..." I read quietly and studied the
slip of glossy paper. I'd heard of these before, a radical group that
relentlessly pursued the agenda that all humans should be bound at the
age of 18.

I didn't agree with their ideology, but their advertising prowess
couldn't be denied. The flier was printed in dark green, the same colour
as my skin. It showed a male orc with a human man and woman at either of
his sides, the two were smiling as they looked up at their partner. Or
rather, *owner*, as so many had become fond of calling it.

Becoming angry over politics could wait, though. For now, I had other
things on my mind. A recent promotion had enabled me to move to a much
nicer building with several amenities I didn't have before. Most
importantly, a gym in the basement.

I changed into my workout clothes and headed down the elevator to the
basement. It was nicely appointed, all the machines and equipment you'd
expect from a commercial operation, as well as a steam room and a small
swimming pool. I wasn't going to use those today, however. I preferred
to relax in the comfort of my own home, and so I began the day's
exercises.

I was largely left alone with the equipment. A handful of my new
neighbours introduced themselves, but none of them left a lasting
impression. As I put down the last of the weights and stretched my weary
body, I briefly considered using the showers down in the basement, but
hadn't brought a towel with me.

As I entered the elevator to go back up, I unexpectedly received
company. A human I hadn't seen before walked in right after me. He said
a quiet hello and I nodded in response. As we rode up together, I
noticed him breathing heavily. I hadn't seen him using the gym, so it
couldn't be from exhaustion. I was about to ask if he was feeling
unwell, when I remembered that I hadn't showered yet. *He must be bound
to one of the neighbours*, I thought to myself. An orc, fresh from the
gym, standing in a small enclosed space with a bound human was certain
to provoke a response.

I didn't particularly relish in the thought of a stranger getting the
equivalent of a drug high from smelling me, but I knew that a bound
human couldn't help it. Willing or not, his body would react strongly to
it. What did get me thinking, however, is why he was being so timid
about it. This wasn't an uncommon occurrence, and with there being
little to no social stigma attached, orcs and humans alike weren't shy
about it. *Something's off with him*, I thought just as the elevator
reached my floor and the human briskly walked out, heading swiftly down
the corridor. I walked in the same direction, taking slow steps to avoid
what seemed to be an embarrassing situation for him.

As I came to my door, I couldn't help but notice the human had entered
the apartment opposite to mine. I cast a glance at his door and noticed
that the name plate wasn't quite right. It simply read "Taylor". This
might seem an irrelevant detail, but an obviously bound human living in
an apartment with a non-orcish name on the door? It was unheard of to
say the least. In all bound couples the human relinquished their last
name, many of them forgot it entirely.

As strange as it was, I put it out of my mind for the time being. I had
an entire day's worth of activities to attend to, and I wasn't going to
let an unusual choice of name disrupt it.

The oddity stuck in my mind, however. Two weeks later, my questions were
answered.

As I stood in front of my door, ready to turn the keys and enter my
apartment, a sound caught my ear. The sound of someone crying. I would
have ignored it, but I noticed that the muffled sound was coming from
the apartment opposite mine. Remembering the strange behaviour I'd
witnessed earlier, I decided to investigate. I pressed the doorbell and
waited for a response. It took a minute, but eventually the door opened.
In the doorway stood Taylor (I didn't yet know his first name), clad in
a pair of grey sweatpants and a t-shirt. His face was red and wet with
tears, matted blonde hair tousled on top of his head.

"Y-yes?" He said, his voice shaking.

"What's happened?" I asked, my eyes lingering on the multiple large
stains of tears on his clothes.

"It's nothing," He said. "I'll be fine."

"Forgive me, but that's obviously not the case," I said, laying a hand
against the door as he tried to close it. I couldn't explain why I was
so taken aback by the state he was in, I didn't usually make a habit of
getting into another person's business. I stepped slowly past the
doorframe and into the apartment. "We haven't been introduced," I said
and held out my hand. "I'm Thadd."

"Andrew," He said and took my hand. I gripped it firmly but tried not to
squeeze him too hard. Everything about him screamed 'fragile', like he
was a delicate glass poised precariously on the edge of a table. "I
don't want to bother you," He said, taking a step back into the dimly
lit room.

"It's fine," I tried to smile without coming off as predatory. I had
just pushed my way into his home, but I felt a need to see what had
happened. "What's the matter, can I help in any way?" I offered, closing
the door behind me as I followed him into his living room.

"No, not really," Andrew said, his voice shivering as he sat down on a
sofa in the middle of the room. I could tell he was avoiding the subject
of why he was so saddened. I stood in silence and looked around the
room. A half-filled coatrack, a table curiously bereft of personal
possessions, two shoes where four would have fit perfectly.

"Do you live alone?" I asked, my eyes scanning the room and identifying
more and more evidence that two people lived, or had lived, here. That
question caused Andrew's already fragile fa√ßade to crack completely. At
first, I was utterly stunned as he appeared to shrink in stature before
me, his eyes welling up with tears anew. For a split second the room was
filled with a deafening silence before he buried his face in his hands
and howled in sadness and desperation. With every ragged breath he drew,
seemingly endless rivulets of tears fell from his eyes onto the floor.

I was at a loss for the appropriate response, so I did the only thing I
could think of. I sank to my knees in front of him and laid my arms
around him. This seemed to only worsen his condition, but after a while
he grew silent. For a long time, I simply held him close until his
breathing stabilised. When I released him, his eyes were closed and he
seemed to be slightly more at peace.

"What happened?" I asked and sat down beside him on the sofa while
keeping one of my arms around his shoulders, trying to be reassuring.

"I'm not sure," Andrew began, looking down to the ground. "I woke up one
morning and I was alone." His entire body shivered as he spoke slowly,
trying to force the words out. I could figure out the rest on my own,
but I let him tell his story in silence. Between heavy breaths he
recounted how his partner had disappeared about a month ago and left him
all alone. The name plate on the door had been one of many attempts to
regain independence. Of course, he had been irrevocably bound years ago.
His present condition was, crudely put, a form of withdrawal. One that
would never fade over time.

As he concluded his tale I was left without words. Andrew was not the
only one who had suffered this way, but his fruitless attempts to lead a
normal life and move past what had happened made my heart ache in
sympathy.

"I'm so sorry," I said, mostly to break the silence with something. I
had moved closer to Andrew during his story, his head was now resting
against my shoulder. Occasionally a single tear fell onto the dark
fabric of my shirt from the broken boy beside me. "I'm not sure if I can
really help you, but if you want some company I can stay here." I looked
down at his reddened face as I spoke. He nodded and closed his eyes.

My sentence was both figuratively and literally true. I could comfort
him by being near, but at this point I was at best acting as a poor
substitute for what he'd lost; his life's partner.

I considered what to do but couldn't come up with any reasonable plan.
Deep in thought, I didn't realise that Andrew had fallen asleep against
my shoulder. *He must be exhausted*, I thought, watching his face while
he slept. When he had looked so utterly broken before, seeing him this
calm and peaceful was a relief. I couldn't stay there for too long,
however. I thought about writing a note and leaving him with it, but
after saying I would stay with him it seemed cruel.

I slowly stood up, looking down on his sleeping form. *What the hell did
I just get into*, I thought as I gently picked him up in my arms. I
couldn't stay here, so he was simply going to have to come with me.
Besides, I was quite sure he wouldn't feel better by staying all alone
in his apartment. I carried him slowly to the door, picking up a pair of
keys hanging by the doorframe and locking the door behind me as I exited
into the corridor. A neighbour briefly spotted me as I crossed over to
my front door, but the sight of an orc carrying a human around was
hardly unusual.

I laid Andrew down on my sofa in the living room and stood back with my
arms crossed. This wasn't how I'd planned for my day to go, but I had
little choice in the matter now. I walked to my bedroom and picked up a
thick blanket spread over the bed, I kept my apartment quite cool and I
didn't want Andrew to get cold.

Having laid the blanket over him I went about my own business. I had
some cleaning to do and needed to write a few emails. Once the apartment
was sufficiently tidy I sat down with my laptop next to the sofa,
keeping watch over the sleeping human. I found it increasingly difficult
to concentrate on my work as the rhythmic sound of breathing kept
distracting me. Eventually, I realised I wasn't going to get anything
done, and put away my laptop. Leaning back in an armchair, I closed my
eyes and exhaled deeply. *Just for a minute*, I thought as I slowly
drifted off to sleep myself.

*I smiled as I walked home through the snow-covered streets. It was
almost dark out despite the early hour, but it didn't weigh on my mind
in the slightest. I had a perfect evening planned out: a nice dinner and
the rest spent relaxing on the couch.*

*I turned the key in the lock and walked inside, putting my bags of
groceries down on the floor. Not wanting to waste any time, I went about
preparing dinner right away. Just as I'd opened a bottle of wine and
placed it in the fridge for cooling, I heard the front door open and
footsteps walking toward the kitchen.*

*"I'm home," A voice called out and I turned to greet my partner.*

My eyes shot open and I inhaled sharply. I stood up and paced about the
room, trying to steady myself. "Get a grip," I said to myself, coming to
a stop in front of the living room windows. I'd never remembered many
dreams, not to mention they never affected me so deeply.

I turned around and looked at Andrew sleeping on the sofa. He'd wrapped
himself in the blanket I provided, hugging the fabric close to his
chest. A glance at my watch showed I'd been asleep for less than an
hour, but I didn't feel at all refreshed.

I walked to the kitchen to get something to drink and sat down by the
kitchen counter with a glass of water. I drained it quickly and then sat
in silence.

Two hours passed as I wandered around my apartment, looking for
something to do but not finding anything that interested me. Finally, I
ended up where I'd sat before, in an armchair directly across from
Andrew on the sofa. I simply watched him sleep for a long time, looking
at the way his body slowly moved with each breath.

It was hard to imagine that someone looking so peaceful had been in so
much pain. I thought back to the story he'd told me, trying to make
sense of what had happened. Aside from the rarity of a bound couple
breaking up, the fact that he hadn't sought any help earlier was
strange. At that moment I remembered the fliers I'd received in the mail
two weeks ago, and the puzzle pieces clicked into place.

I stood up and walked over to the paper recycling bin I kept under the
sink, I hadn't bothered to throw it out yet and the political ads were
still lying on top. I picked up the green one and looked at it. "The
Movement for Mandatory Binding," I muttered to myself. I'd simply thrown
the lot away after receiving them, but this time I looked at the text.

*'Join the movement today and show the world who should be in charge!'*
The text was printed in large block letters, included was a list of
phone numbers to call in order to get involved with them.

*He was bound against his will*, I thought as I was reading the flier.
*No wonder he didn't realise he couldn't wait out the pain himself, no
one ever told him it was permanent. I wonder who he was before.* I
flipped the paper over to look at the front once more. Two seemingly
content humans held in bondage by their orc master.

"He was with them," A voice came from behind me. I turned around to see
Andrew standing in the doorway to the kitchen, blanket wrapped around
him still. "Are you?" The question hit me like a punch to the gut, but I
wasn't surprised by it. It wasn't unlikely that I looked like his ex, of
course he'd suspect me of supporting the same authoritarian ideologies.

"No, I'm not," I said, throwing the paper into the trash once more.
"Feeling any better?" I asked, leaning back against the kitchen counter.

"Maybe a bit," He sighed, looking wearily at me. "Mind if I have a glass
of water?" He asked. I nodded and brought him a glass and a bottle from
the fridge. He thanked me and downed the glass quickly.

"You don't have to answer if you don't want to," I said, sitting down on
one of the kitchen chairs. "But how did it start, how did you get
together with your partner?" I already knew the answer, but I wanted to
hear it from him before I drew any conclusions.

"I'm not sure," He said, sitting down at the table in front of me. *Just
as I suspected,* I thought, but not saying anything. "One day it was my
life, I don't remember much." It had been on the news several times,
humans being bound against their will and given amnesiac drugs to make
them forget the process. The irony was that despite Andrew being a
victim of it, he was the one to know the least about the situation.

"I'm sorry about what you've been through." I said, looking down at the
table. I raised my eyes to look at Andrew. I thought he'd be close to
tears again, but he only looked defeated, resigned to his fate. Looking
at his small frame, he seemed so weak and helpless. I didn't even know
him and yet I felt an urge to protect him, help him get through the
pain.

"I should probably leave." Andrew said quietly, his eyes cast down.

"You don't have to." I said, leaning forward in my chair. His will to
make it on his own was admirable, but from where I was sitting it
clearly wasn't going to work out.

"I don't want to overstay my welcome." He said and stood up from the
table. I followed him to the door and gave him the set of keys I'd found
in his apartment. Neither of us said anything as he walked the few
meters over to his flat and closed the door behind him.

I stood by the door in silence. It took me several minutes to realise I
hadn't even closed the front door yet. As I walked back into the living
room, I sat down on the sofa. I didn't necessarily miss him so much as I
felt I could've done more to help him. In retrospect it seemed selfish,
like I was only doing it to make myself feel better. Nevertheless, I
decided that I wasn't entirely going to respect his wishes and pay him a
visit the following day.

It'd gotten late, and after the emotional rollercoaster I'd been
subjected to, I was in no mood to sit up any longer than I had to. I
didn't even bother to shower and have dinner before I went to bed.
Luckily, sleep came easy.

*I saw myself from the outside, like an invisible voyeur creeping into
the most intimate moments of another person's life. Streams of hot water
and clouds of steam rolled over my body as I stood in the shower. I saw
my hands run slowly over my frame, spreading soft, white suds over green
skin.*

*Only the sound of gentle drops of water hitting the tile floor broke
the silence. Through the fogged-up glass, I could see another person
moving outside of the shower cubicle. The only recognisable feature of
the smaller figure was a glimpse of blonde hair and pale, pink skin.*

*"Can I come in?"*

A ringing alarm roused me from my slumber. *Why did I set my alarm? It's
Saturday,* I thought and looked at the bedside clock. *Four in the
morning?*

It wasn't until a few seconds later that I realised it was the doorbell,
not my alarm clock. Bewildered at who could possibly want something at
this hour, I pulled on a t-shirt and went to answer the door, ready to
seriously hurt whoever decided to wake me. I wrenched open the door and
the rude words I had planned stopped abruptly in my throat.

"I'm sorry, can I come in?" Andrew said, standing in the doorway.
*Didn't last very long, did he?* I thought and stood aside, waving him
into my home. "I know it's late," He began, looking up at me.

"It's fine," I said, closing the door and walking past him into the
living room. I rubbed my eyes, trying desperately to stay awake.

"Did you mean it?" He said, stepping closer to me. "When you said I
didn't have to leave?" That woke me up. I thought he just wanted someone
to talk to, but I guess I had gotten myself entangled more than I had
initially planned to. He looked at me like a lost dog, big eyes
expectantly meeting mine.

"Yes I did," I said. I sighed and looked at the clock on the wall. "We
can talk later if you want, but right now I need to sleep." He looked
saddened at first but seemed a bit more content once I gestured for him
to follow me. *I have no idea what I'm doing*, I thought as I led Andrew
into the bedroom.

"Take whichever side you want, I hope you don't move around too much." I
said, waiting for him to lie down so I could go back to sleep. It
occurred to me that I could have told him to sleep on the sofa, but I
wanted the quickest way to go back to sleep.

I laid down on my back next to him. Being so much smaller than me, he
didn't take up much space. Naturally, he ended up falling asleep much
quicker than I did, and I was left with nothing but my thoughts and a
stranger next to me. I turned over on my side and looked at his face.
*He doesn't look that bad*, I thought.

By my own estimate, it took me an hour to fall asleep. Once I awoke, I
saw thin rays of sunlight filtering in through the curtains, indicating
morning had broken. I didn't fixate on that for long though. I was more
focused on the fact that Andrew was lying much closer to me than before.
His face was pressed against my chest, breathing slowly against my skin.
I highly doubted he could've moved away even if he wanted to, since my
arms were wrapped tight around his chest.

At first, I wanted to move away, but the more I thought about it I found
myself enjoying having him there. *This isn't so bad,* I thought,
closing my eyes yet again, holding him against me. About half an hour
later, I noticed him starting to wake up. I figured he'd try to untangle
himself from my embrace, so I pretended to sleep so I wouldn't embarrass
him. He didn't, however. He simply stayed put in my arms. If anything,
he tried to come even closer to me.

I opened my eyes and looked down at him. He didn't meet my gaze, either
because he didn't notice or because he was still half-asleep.

"Good morning," I said quietly, waiting for a response.

"Hey," He said, not moving. Something about his voice seemed off, like
he was somewhere he shouldn't be. "Thadd, what you said earlier," He
began, angling his head up to look me in the eyes.

"I meant what I said. I want you to stay." I said, surprising myself
with how forward I sounded. He closed his eyes and fell silent. "Do you
want to stay here?" I asked, holding his lithe frame against me.

"I do," He said. In many ways I wasn't entirely sure what to feel about
his response, or my offer for that matter. I barely knew him, and now I
had practically invited him to live with me. Part of it was out of
sympathy for his plight, the fact that he seemed so much happier when I
was near (or at the very least a lot less unhappy), the idea that I was
lifting him out of his misery. But it was also because I did find myself
somewhat attracted to him, it simply felt *right* to hold him in my
arms. I didn't know where it would eventually lead, but for now it felt
like a good thing to have him with me.

We laid in bed together for several hours. I didn't want to push him
away and it was abundantly clear he wasn't going to let go of me easily.
I tried to talk to him for a bit, but he wasn't very talkative. His mind
was still clearly preoccupied with the pain he'd been through.

When we finally got out of bed, I let him shower first. I handed him a
towel and a clean shirt he could wear, I figured I'd help him get some
clothes from his apartment later. While he cleaned up, I took the time
to do some research.

I sat down with my computer and opened a search engine. I stared at the
empty text box for a minute, then typed in 'binding'. If I was going to
spend time with Andrew, it couldn't hurt to read up a bit. I found an
online encyclopaedia that provided a good overview of the concept.

*"Personalised permanent binding, colloquially known simply as Binding,
is the process by which a human is mentally and physically altered into
a subservient position to that of an orc."*

I already knew the broader strokes, so I jumped down to the finer
details, looking for a more detailed description of what I imagined
Andrew had been subjected to. I happened upon a headline that read
'Withdrawal' that seemed the most appropriate.

*"In a case where a bound human is deprived of contact with their
binder, it leads to symptoms of withdrawal; manifested by intense
depression, as well as mental and physical fatigue. This can lead to
social withdrawal, self-harm behaviour and suicide."*

Andrew was still busy in the bathroom, so I kept reading with a heavy
heart.

*"While the process by its nature binds a human to one specific
individual, prolonged absence of the original binder, as well repeated
contact with a single third party will allow the bound human*
