Conquest

Pt.2

*A prequel showing how Torug (whose sweet tone and talk of love belies a
manipulative darkness) won over Tommy and gained his affection.*

*My original intent was to have a series of short pieces with less
actual story in them, but this one got away from me and ended up being
almost only story.*

*This story contains violence, kidnapping and a perception of romance
shared only by crazy people. If this makes you uncomfortable, consider
yourself warned.*

"There's this human at my office," I sat down the large glass of beer
and looked across the table at my two friends. "He's really something.
Short and slim, just begging to be taken but he won't let anyone
approach him."

"And?" One of the orcs sitting across from me said. "Make up some
bullshit excuse to meet and get it over with." The one sitting next to
him nodded in agreement. "Or are you going to pull some shit about it
not being right?" He took a large gulp of his beer and looked at me
expectantly.

"I don't care about that, it's just impractical to force it." I
explained. My argument seemed to have fallen on deaf ears, however.

"Impractical? Tandagh is right, you know." The orc farthest from me
said, Tandagh seemed to like that.

"You know it's right when even Yahg agrees with me," Tandagh said and
leaned over the table toward me. "They were meant to be bound and
taken," He said, his inebriation clearly showing. "We were meant to bind
them and take them for our own, that's what I did." I leaned back in my
chair as the orc ranted on. "I won't listen to some shit about it not
being practical, just do it or admit you're a soft coward who can't even
properly bind a human to his will."

I didn't answer him as I left the table to go to the bathroom. As I
stood in front of the urinal, I considered what they'd both said. As
much as I agreed with them, I couldn't quite get myself to go through
with my plans. The arguments in favour were strong: I could easily
overpower the smaller human, as soon as I'd rearranged him properly,
he'd accept his new life without issue, and I'd gain a loyal mate. The
only real argument against was that I didn't think he wanted to be
taken. Then again, I wouldn't know without trying.

As I left the bar that night, I made up my mind. It might take some time
to let all the pieces fall into place, but I was confident I could pull
it off.

Walking into work the next day I spotted him immediately. Short, even
for human standards. Golden brown hair cascading over his shoulders
(perfect for grabbing). A slim waist (one I'd easily be able to grip
with both hands). Sparkling eyes I longed desperately to see fill with
excitement at seeing me. That would all have to wait for the time being,
however. Before I could have him completely, I needed to spend some time
with him, build some trust before my plan could be executed. I adjusted
the tie around my neck as I walked up to him.

"Tommy?" I called his name as I stepped up behind him. He turned around
and looked up at me, I could see his eyes fill with apprehension and
uncertainty.

"Y-yes?" He answered, his voice thick with anxiety.

"Did you get my expense reports from last week?" I asked, leaning
against a nearby wall. Tommy Reed was in accounting, assigned to watch
over the company funds being directed toward executive lunches and PR
events. He must have been doing his job very well, since anyone in his
position would have to speak to different people at length about their
expenses. To my knowledge Tommy didn't enjoy speaking at length with
anyone. I'd observed him getting along with some of the other humans in
his department, but as soon as a male orc walked into the room it was
like he tried to disappear into the background.

"I'm not sure I saw those, Torug," He said, his gaze only briefly
meeting mine before trying to find something else to focus on. A less
attentive person might characterize his behaviour as rude or even
intolerant, but spending any time watching him revealed he was simply
intimidated. Ultimately, I expected this to work in my favour.

"They must've got lost in the mail then, I'll stop by later today and
drop them off in person," I smiled and walked away before he could say
anything against my clearly unwanted intrusion.

The rest of the day went at a snail's pace. I got almost no work done,
spending the day repeating the plan I'd hatched in my head. It all
hinged on Tandagh lending me a hand later, he had not only more
experience but fewer scruples than I did. He hadn't yet responded to the
text I'd sent him this morning, but he usually came through for me when
I needed it.

At exactly five 'o clock in the afternoon, as everyone was slowly
filtering out of the building, I printed the last set of expense reports
I'd fabricated and headed for Tommy's office. Just as I'd hoped, he was
the last one left in the whole accounting department. I rapped my
knuckles against the doorframe and stepped into his office. His eyes
shot up from the papers he was reading, I'd startled him.

"Here are the reports I promised," I said and sat down in the chair in
front of his desk. As I handed him the stack of paper, I looked around
the room. Almost completely devoid of personal items, not a single
photograph or even a plant in sight. "Nice office." I commented, leaning
back in the chair. He didn't respond.

"These are late, Torug," He laid down the stack of papers on his desk.
"It's not a big issue but I have to take care of these immediately."
That was exactly what my plan hinged on, his religious devotion to
bureaucratic rules.

"I'm really sorry," I feigned surprise. "Like I said, I thought they'd
gone out days ago."

"It's not your fault," I was surprised at how direct he was with me when
it was only the two of us, either he despised crowds or very effectively
overcame his anxiety when the paperwork had to be in order. "But I have
to drop these off right away..." He sighed and rose from his desk.

"Tell you what, I'll drive you!" I said and smiled. "It'll be much
quicker that way." That seemed to return Tommy to his standard level of
fearfulness. He began to protest, but I cut him off. "I insist, this
headache is my fault entirely."

"Okay, thanks," Tommy acquiesced and went to retrieve a brown leather
bag stashed away in the corner of his office. I knew he couldn't refuse
my offer, for all he knew it was the only way to keep his job. In short,
whenever an employee generated an expense report, it had to be approved
by an accountant and filed with the bank within a week, or every charge
was disputed. If Tommy failed to process the paperwork, he might lose
his job and would certainly never get promoted. I knew from previous
experience that Tommy didn't have a car, and as such he wouldn't be able
to make the time limit on his own.

I smiled to myself as we stood in the elevator down to the garage. He
smelled sweet, probably a shampoo he used. We exited into the garage and
I led the way to my car, a large SUV with tinted windows. I'd parked it
strategically, in a dark corner obscured by a large pillar. As Tommy
walked in front of me, I took a deep breath and readied myself for the
coming action.

I unlocked my car with the remote key in my pocket, and as Tommy reached
for the handle on the passenger door, I stepped up behind him and
slammed his body against the side of the car. He gasped out in shock and
tried to scream, but I covered his mouth with my hand. He struggled
furiously but could barely move as my entire body was pressed against
his. I was stronger than him to the point of his squirming being
entirely irrelevant. I opened the back door with my free hand and
rummaged around, eventually retrieving a large black duffel bag. I
opened it and emptied the contents on the car roof. As soon as Tommy
noticed the twin lengths of rope tumbling out of the bag, he renewed his
struggles against me, but again I held him down easily. I had to pacify
him somehow though, a moving person was difficult to tie up.

"Stop moving and cooperate or I'll snap your little neck," I leaned in
and whispered in his ear. The hand covering his mouth was stained with
the tears flowing from his eyes as he breathed in and out in panic. "Are
you going to do as I say? Don't think for a minute I won't go through
with my threat." I asked, and Tommy slowly nodded. "Good, we'll get to
the nice parts so much faster once you stop resisting."

Confident that the terrified human wouldn't try anything, I grabbed one
of the ropes and began the arduous process of tying his hands together
behind his back, keeping his mouth closed with one of my hands. As soon
as his hands were secured, I grabbed a piece of black cloth from the bag
and wrapped it around his head, cutting off his eyesight. Now came the
difficult part.

"Get in the back seat," I ordered, pushing him toward the open door. He
did as I ordered and slowly moved his shaky legs to sit down on the
leather clad seat. I grabbed the bag and the rest of the rope from the
car roof and tossed it into the car behind him. I briefly released my
hand from his mouth as I sat down beside him. As I predicted, he didn't
scream or fight, instead he quietly sobbed as he tried not to look at
me. I ignored his snivelling and grabbed the second rope, preparing to
secure his feet together.

I pushed him to lie down on the seat and quickly wrapped the rope around
his ankles. I had to be quick, if someone saw through the car windows
I'd be in trouble. As soon as all his limbs were tied, I grabbed the
duffel bag from the floor and opened it as wide as it would go.

"Be nice and don't move too much now," I said as I forcefully manoeuvred
his legs to bend up toward his chest, leaving him in the foetal
position. I laid the open bag in my lap and lifted his body upward. The
limited space inside the car made it difficult, but he was so small and
light it didn't present much of a challenge. It didn't take too much
effort to stuff his body inside the oversized bag. I sat it down on the
seat beside me and let out a sigh. Finally, I had him.

I closed the bag halfway and exited the car, moving to the driver's
seat. The next part was considerably easier.

As I pulled out of the garage, I couldn't help but listen intently to
the quiet sounds of Tommy' crying and heavy breathing from the back
seat. I could easily have gagged him, but since no one would be able to
hear a sound from inside the car, I didn't bother.

"Why are you doing this?" He eventually asked, his voice barely a
whisper. I was quiet for a while, searching for a proper way to answer
the question. "Do you want money? I'll give you anything," He cried. I
laughed at his naïve assumptions.

"I don't want any money, Tommy." I rapped my fingers against the
steering wheel. "But you'll give me everything, I'll promise you that."
That's when it dawned on him what I was about to do.

"You're... You're going to bind me?" He asked, his voice rising an
octave. "You can't, no one will let you do it!"

"I'm not going through some government bureaucracy," I answered.
Ordinarily, you needed consent forms and months of paperwork to perform
a binding ritual, but I was taking a shortcut. "Do you honestly think
every bound human signed themselves away freely?" He fell silent as I
explained my criminal intent. Of course, even if I was discovered to
have bound Tommy illegally, no one would ever prosecute the case. It
happened all the time. Besides, taking what you want is so much more fun
when you get to decide the terms of the arrangement without
interference.

"No, I'll just add you to the crowd of happily bound boys, and no one
will bat an eye at it. You'll be telling my version of the truth soon
enough," I said, the car engine roaring as we pulled onto the highway.
"By the way, don't worry about the paperwork. The reports were
falsified."

"You think I'm not able to recognise a forged report?" He spat back from
the back seat. "I was going to report them to the bank and have you
fired." I assumed he realised he had only so much time to insult me
before I stripped that away. Nevertheless, I appreciated his feistiness,
facing the unknown with some spirit commanded a certain degree of
respect.

I drove for hours in silence. Tandagh had responded that we would meet
outside of town, in an abandoned industrial park. The address he gave me
was an old steel mill previously owned by his father. I assumed he now
owned the land and had set up his "operations" there.

I turned the car onto a smaller road and drove past empty shells of
buildings that once housed various enterprises. As I pulled up toward
the building he had specified, I noticed his car standing in the
overgrown parking lot. A door was open on one side of the massive
building and I could see a dim light shining through from the inside. I
turned off the car and leaned back in my seat. Time to get it over with.

I exited the car, opened the back door and grabbed the duffel bag. Tommy
was silent inside, neither moving nor speaking. As I entered the
building, I didn't see Tandagh.

"Anyone home?" I yelled out into the dark room, looking for signs of
life.

"The door to your left, down the stairs!" A faint voice answered. I
followed the directions and descended into the basement. There was
barely any light here and I had to walk carefully not to trip. As I came
to the bottom of the stairwell, I entered a brightly lit room with three
doors, furnished with only two chairs and a table. A large orc occupied
one of the seats.

"So, where's the boy? Don't tell me you chickened out," Tandagh said,
sitting in one of the chairs. I didn't answer but held out the bag
instead. "You put him in a fucking *bag?*" Tandagh laughed and stood up.
"I didn't think you'd come."

"You don't know me that well," I answered curtly. The truth is I didn't
like Tandagh very much. He was a brutish and unrefined man. Despite
this, I kept him around for his resourcefulness.

"Woah, no need to be unfriendly now, Torug," He answered and produced a
pack of cigarettes from his shirt pocket. "Smoke?" He asked as he lit
one, I waved my hand in refusal.

"You must be impatient to begin, so let's get started. Give me the bag,"
Tandagh said, holding out his arm. He noticed my reluctance and folded
his arms to his chest. "You're committed now, buddy," He said, his voice
low and raspy. "So just do as I say, and we'll finish this."

"Fine," I said, handing him the bag. Tandagh didn't even bother to look
inside and simply started walking toward one of the doors. I followed
him into the adjacent room, taking in the strange sight before me. The
room could best be described as utilitarian. What looked like medical
equipment lined the walls, with bottles of chemicals occupying the
various surfaces around the room. In the middle was a single bed, fitted
with the kind of restraints found in psychiatric clinics.

"Where did you get all of this?" I asked. I knew Tandagh kept a healthy
set of illegal enterprises running, but I didn't imagine he was this
well-equipped.

"None of your business, Torug," He answered, putting the bag containing
the bound Tommy down on the bed. "Besides, if you were actually
interested in the process you'd have proposed like a gentleman and
signed the government paperwork." True, I didn't want to know any of it.
I sat down on a chair next to the bed as Tandagh walked over to one of
the several cupboards along the wall. "You can get started and get him
onto the bed," He said, sorting through brown vials of liquid in one of
the drawers. "I trust you're familiar with how to restrain a boy?"

I didn't bother to answer. I stood up and unzipped the bag resting on
the bed. Tommy lay inside, completely still. His eyes were closed but I
could see he wasn't sleeping, merely trying to shut out the world. I
tipped over the bag, letting his lithe body tumble onto the white
sheets. As I untied the blindfold, he opened his eyes and looked at me.
"Please don't do-" I shut his mouth with one hand and began the process
of untying his legs. Tandagh walked over to the bed and stood beside
him.

"I say..." He whistled quietly. "Quite a catch." I ignored him yet
again, gesturing for him to help me in restraining the human.

Together, we made quick work of the task and soon enough Tommy was bound
to the bed. Despite having two orcs manhandle his body, he remained
completely silent.

"What now?" I asked, standing back.

"First you're going to pay me, then I'll get to work," Tandagh said,
looking at me. I rolled my eyes and produced a slip of paper from my
wallet, a bank record indicating a large transfer of funds. Tandagh
regarded the note for a minute, then threw it to the floor. "Good, now I
need you out of the way. You can sit outside and wait, there's a sofa
and some beer in one of the other rooms."

I took one last look at Tommy; his eyes were closed but tears were still
rolling down his cheeks. I pushed my conscience away with the thought
that it would all be over soon anyway.

As I left the room and closed the door behind me, I initially heard
nothing. Seconds later I heard the mounting sounds of screams and
whimpers as Tandagh got to work.

About three hours passed, punctuated only with occasional sounds of
screaming and muffled protests. I was thankful Tandagh had provided
something to drink. After a long period of silence, I heard footsteps
and Tandagh entered the room.

"Come with me," He said, and I quickly got up and followed him. The
sight that greeted me as I entered the other room was sobering. Tommy
lay naked on the bed with multiple IV units connected to his restrained
arms. His eyes were closed in deep sleep and his normally pale skin was
white as a sheet. "Pick your jaw up off the floor, Torug," Tandagh said.
"This is what it's supposed to look like." He walked over to a table in
one of the corners and picked up a large bowl sitting on top of it. "Now
I need something from you," He grinned and handed me the bowl. "Some
DNA, to be precise."

"You want me to masturbate into this?" I asked, looking at the bowl in
my hands.

"If you'd rather jack off straight into the isolator, be my fucking
guest," Tandagh pointed to a large set of machines in one corner of the
room and then back to the steel bowl. "But most people find this more
comfortable."

"Since you asked so nicely," I answered. The bowl certainly was the
better option. "Mind if I do it in private, or do you want to check the
quality yourself?" I quipped and Tandagh waved me away.

I made my way back to the adjacent room with the sofa and sat down. I
hadn't come in days, and despite the brutal surroundings I wouldn't have
any big trouble getting inspired.

Closing my eyes and unzipping my trousers, I exposed my manhood to the
cold air. I gently massaged my sizeable orc member in my hands as I
imagined the scenario that always got me aroused. A hotel room abroad
and a large bed where my Tommy waited patiently for me. My dick rose to
attention as I imagined how I'd remove the covers from his naked body
and climb atop him. I'd guide his mouth to my crotch and feed him every
inch of my fat cock, watching him struggle to take me. I couldn't wait
to realise this fantasy, to watch him moan beneath me. His pale body
contrasting so beautifully against my dark green skin. I'd take him for
hours, relenting only when he begged me to stop, and even then, only to
resume shortly afterward.

I could feel the steady streams of thick precum leak from my stiff
member as I imagined how it'd feel when I mercilessly speared his little
body on my oversized cock, sending him into a state of inescapable
delirium.

My legs were shaking and my muscles tensed as I furiously worked my
hands up and down my slicked-up cock, the room filled with my grunts and
moans. Finally, I angled my cock down toward the bowl resting on the
ground and unleashed the first jet of seed from my cock. My head was
filled with a single image as I came, Tommy's moaning face from above as
I pumped yet another massive load into his willing body.

The sound of my cum hitting the bowl was like a waterfall, overpowered
only by my moans as jets of white orc seed rapidly filled the bowl to
capacity. As my orgasm slowly died down, I leaned back into the sofa and
let my softening cock slip from my hands and flop down against my thigh.
I could barely wait until I could give this to Tommy.

After a few minutes, I stood up and carefully picked up the bowl from
the floor. I didn't know its exact size, but I'd estimate it now
contained at least four litres of scalding hot cum, an average load for
an adult orc.

As I entered the room carrying the liquid, I saw Tandagh sitting by the
side of the bed smoking. "You're louder than most people," He said. "Set
it down over there." He pointed to a table next to a mass of machinery I
didn't know the exact purpose of.

I stood back as Tandagh grabbed the bowl and slowly poured its contents
into a hopper on top of the machine. At the press of a button, it
whirred to life and began a steady series of beeping. A small display on
its front face read "Analysis", giving me a clue to what it was doing.

"It'll isolate the DNA provided and produce a serum that completes the
binding," Tandagh said, noting my puzzled expression. "We inject it into
little Tommy over there, and it's all finished."

"What was all the stuff earlier about? If you just needed this part, why
the fuss before?" I asked, pointing to the multiple hoses and IV bags
connected to Tommy's limp body.

"To make him forget," Tandagh stated. "In a "proper" binding, you'll
both have happy memories of the ceremony," He fiddled with several of
the dials present on the machine. "But for obvious reasons, he can't
remember this. So, we induce a mild amnesia, making him forget the past
few days. That should be enough for you to weave a convincing tale about
whisking him off his feet and the two of you agreeing to a binding in a
less scrupulous chapel." Tandagh lit yet another cigarette as he talked.
"He'll be nice and pliable for you, but bound humans are naïve and need
some handholding. You can't have him telling someone he can't remember
how he moved in with you."

"Obviously," I said, sitting down beside the bed. I knew I'd have to
make up a story for other people, but I hadn't quite realised I'd have
to lie to Tommy. Oh well, in the grand scheme of things that was the
smaller sin.

"Chin up, Torug," Tandagh laughed and continued working with the
machine. "You'll have your perfect boy soon enough; the rest is detail."

We sat in silence as Tandagh worked and I studied Tommy lying beside me.
I'd never seen him naked before. He was just as slim as I'd imagined him
to be, perfectly toned and tight. Some body hair dusted his body, I'd
have him get rid of that. His genitals weren't impressive. No human
compared to an orc in that department, but Tommy's were particularly
small. Not that I'd want it differently, he wasn't supposed to measure
up.

A loud beeping roused me from my trance, and Tandagh walked over to me
carrying a syringe in his hand. "This is it," He said. "Before we do
this, are you sure you're going through with it?" I studied his face, no
trace of concern. This was business to him. "He won't remember a thing,
you can dump him at his apartment and it won't be a problem."

"Do it," I said, letting one of my hands rest on Tommy's naked arm.
"I've put this off for months anyway."

"As you wish," Tandagh said and inserted the syringe into one of the
sleeping human's arms. Slowly, he injected the viscous fluid. As soon as
the syringe was empty, he pulled it out and produced a band-aid from his
pocket, covering the pinprick with it. "There we go."

"What now?" I asked, looking expectantly at Tandagh.

"This is where I'm finished. Now you take him home with you, let him
sleep for a while and once he's awake it's smooth sailing," He winked at
me and began to pull out the catheters connecting Tommy's body to the
various IV bags hanging above the bed. I helped him release the leather
restraints holding the pale body to the bed, and once we were finished,
I finally held Tommy in my arms. His body was limp and cold, but it was
all I'd waited for.

Tandagh stood back as I clothed his sleeping body and carried him out of
the hospital room.

"Can't wait to see the two of you together, Torug!" Tandagh said as I
began walking up the stairs to exit the building. Despite my dislike for
him, Tandagh had proven valuable once again.

My mind was clouded as I laid Tommy in the backseat of my car and began
the long drive home. The hours passed uneventfully as I drove, and
eventually I reached the garage beneath my apartment building. I
silently hoped no one would see me as I carried Tommy up the stairs and
into his new home.

As we came inside, I laid the still sleeping human on my sofa and sat
down, laying his head in my lap. My heart was beating furiously, my
misdeeds had succeeded, and Tommy was mine.

I had been ignorant of the exact procedure, but the results of a binding
were fully known to me. In short, I'd forced Tommy to love me. He
couldn't live without me, his body and mind attuned to me in an
unbreakable way. The only thing left to do was to properly break him in
once he awoke. As I ran my hands through Tommy's hair, I came to realise
just how tired I was myself. I stood up and pondered what to do, and
finally decided that a few hours of sleep couldn't hurt.

I picked up Tommy from the couch and carried him to the bedroom, gently
laying him down on the bed. Piece by piece I removed his clothes, and
then pulled the covers over his sleeping form. I stepped into the
bathroom to clean up before I laid down myself, washing away the taste
of beer and the smell of cigarettes would go a long way to making me
feel better.

Once I'd brushed my teeth and had run a damp towel over my body I
stripped down to my underwear, only to hear the quiet sound of footsteps
behind me.

"Torug?" I heard a voice from behind. I hadn't really prepared for this.

"Hey there," I said and turned around. Tommy stood naked in the
doorframe, his eyelids heavy with sleep, but filled with confusion.
"How're you feeling?" I slowly walked toward him, and my heart nearly
leapt out of my ribcage when he stretched out his arms and rested his
head against my chest.

"Where am I?" He asked, closing his eyes as I laid my arms around his
small form. "What happened?"

"Don't you remember?" I lied, closing my eyes and inhaling the sweet
smell from his hair. "We're bound now, I asked you to be mine and you
accepted." I waited for a response as Tommy breathed slowly against my
naked skin.

"Why can't I remember that?" He asked, groggy with sleep still.

"They said earlier that you might be out of it for a while, love," I
said, rubbing circles against his skin with my fingers. "We had a lovely
evening together, you looked so beautiful in the chapel next to me."

"Okay," He mumbled, clearly falling asleep once again.

"Let's go back to bed," I said, leading him back to the bedroom. We lay
down beside each other and I drew the covers over us. "I'll tell you all
about it in the morning, I'm sure you'll remember more by then..." He
was already asleep as I finished my sentence, and I drew him closer to
me. I had some work to do in moulding him to perfection and getting him
to accept everything, but for now I was utterly content in simply
holding him in my arms.

"You're going to be so happy with me, Tommy," I whispered in his ear,
slowly caressing his pale skin. "And I'm so happy to finally have you."
