Tales of the Empire

Part 1.

*This story is set in the same world as my series **Lyon and the Orc**,
albeit years in the future. In a brave new world driven by the white
heat of technological progress, social challenges and old cultural
identities (as well as pretty hot sex) complicate the already tangled
web of life for all who walk the earth.*

*This will be a series of short stories providing exposition and
background for a longer line of stories I am currently planning.*

A sharp knock on the door echoed through the spartan dressing room.

"Come in," I said, busy tying the laces of my shoes. I looked briefly
over my shoulder to see one of the chapel attendants standing in the
doorway. "Yes?" I returned to my task at hand.

"I was asked to let you know that we're ready to begin in an hour, sir.
Is there anything you need beforehand?" She asked, briefly adjusting the
scarf around her neck.

"No, thank you." I replied, standing up to check my reflection in the
mirror before me. "An hour you said?"

The woman nodded and left, closing the door behind her. I sat down on
the chair in front of the vanity mirror and looked myself in the eyes.
*My wedding day*, I thought. I had never been surer of any choice in my
life, yet there were lingering doubts, as was no doubt the case of any
person on the brink of a new life. As much as I was sure there would be
no regrets on my part, it wouldn't entirely be a life of my choosing. My
fianc√© had insisted on a full binding ceremony, an arcane ritual of
ancient origin made hard reality by modern technology.

It would change me irrevocably. Yet I had agreed and was prepared to go
through it, knowing full well the consequences.

An hour later, I stood in front of a tall wooden doorway. I had been
provided a description of the ceremony beforehand, and I knew the
choreography I was about to perform. This wasn't an ordinary wedding,
where rings would be exchanged and the groom was to kiss the bride.
Firstly, there were no wedding guests. The entire episode happened
behind closed doors, witnessed only by the officiant. Second, it
required mountains of paperwork, applications and a waiting time of
several months. All to make sure the two parties gave informed consent
to what was about to happen.

In the distance, I could hear bells ringing. Twelve rings to mark the
hour. As the sound faded away, the door in front of me opened. Several
meters in front of me, an identical passage opened and I finally laid
eyes on my soon-to-be husband.

That's when I knew I had made the right choice. Evidently, he thought
the same, the light in his eyes instantly betrayed his feelings.

With slow, measured paces, we walked toward each other. Much of what had
initially attracted me to my lover was on fine display courtesy of his
choice of clothes. Clad in a white suit stretched tight over his frame,
he radiated confidence and strength. Coming to a stop in front of each
other, I grabbed the hand he stretched out and looked up at his face.
His brown eyes contrasted beautifully against the dark jade of his
smooth skin. Yeah, I was marrying an orc. People do that nowadays.

Moments later we had walked down a third passage and stood in front of
the altar inside the main room of the chapel. The ceremony itself wasn't
going to be a lengthy affair, this moment was only to seal the deal we
had established months ago.

"Dear beloved couple," the vicar standing in front of us raised his
hands toward the vaulted ceiling above. "You stand together on this day
in preparation to weave your lives together for eternity. Once you have
exchanged your vows you will be given the sacred waters of binding, and
finally cross over the threshold into your new lives."

The vicar turned his gaze on me, looking down into my eyes through his
narrow spectacles. "Do you, Thomas Reed, agree to be bound by Torug of
Windsong, to love, cherish and to obey him in faithful service?"

I drew a deep breath and looked up at Torug, I felt him squeeze my hand
as he met my gaze. "I do." He smiled broadly and turned to face the
vicar once again.

"Do you, Torug of Windsong, agree to bind Thomas Reed, to love, cherish
and guide him in faithful service?" Torug looked down and smiled at me.

"I do," His deep voice echoed through the room.

"Then in the name of our great empire, and in the name of the
unbreakable bond forged here today, I hereby declare you partners in
marriage." The vicar smiled at us as Torug turned to face me. He moved
his hands to cup my chin, tilting my face up to meet his eyes.

"I love you," He said, bending down to plant a kiss on my lips. I had to
stand up on my toes to reach him. I clasped my hands around his neck as
he deepened the kiss, his tongue probing my mouth for entry. Torug's
strong arms held my body tightly to his, the kiss was as much a gesture
of love as a show of dominance, something I knew I'd see much more of in
the time to come.

"Whenever you're ready," The vicar said, jolting the both of us back to
the real world. Torug released me and we both turned to face the altar
once more. On the marble surface before us stood two vials of liquid.
"With your vows completed, it is time to begin your shared journey. As
you drink of the binding waters your respective transformations will
begin, and you will become the twin puzzle pieces that complete each
other in perfect harmony."

We reached out and grabbed the two vials. I studied the bottle as I held
it in my hand. The liquid inside had an efflorescent shine to it, like
minuscule crystals suspended in water. I had a strange feeling in my
gut, like I was being torn between to instincts; to either run far away
or dive head first into the inevitable future.

"Are you ok, love?" Torug asked as I quietly held the bottle in my hand.

"I'm fine, just thinking," I said. There was no backing out now. "Shall
we?"

"After you," Torug said, uncorking the bottle in his hand. The vicar
looked at me expectantly as I opened the vial with trembling hands.
Closing my eyes, I put the bottle to my mouth and let the liquid pour
into my mouth. It had a thicker consistency than I had thought, with an
artificial cherry flavour like the cheap gum you could buy in stores. As
I swallowed, I opened my eyes to see Torug doing the same.

"That wasn't so bad," I said.

"What did you expect?" Torug asked, reaching out to grab my hand. He had
an almost predatory glimmer in his eyes, a look I found a bit
frightening, but even more alluring. "The real changes are just about to
begin."

As we left the chapel the sun had already disappeared below the horizon
and a thin blanket of snow had covered the streets. Torug had asked if I
wanted to take a taxi home, but I didn't mind the walk. We slowly made
our way through the streets, largely in silence.

"You're very quiet," Torug said as we reached the entrance to our
building.

"I have a lot on my mind," I answered, leaning my head against his arm
as we rode the elevator up.

"Good things or bad things?" He asked, resting his hand on the small of
my back. I didn't answer as he produced the keys to our home from his
pocket.

"I thought I'd feel," I hesitated for a moment. "More *changed*
somehow." Torug began to speak, but I cut him off. "It's not that I
doubt the veracity of the process, and I know what's about to happen..."
We entered our apartment and I shrugged off my coat, hanging it beside
the door. "I just-" I was interrupted mid-sentence as Torug grabbed my
shoulder and spun me around. His strong arms pulled me toward him and
his lips crashed against mine. That's when it clicked.

"Oh *god*." I pulled away from the kiss abruptly. It was like a
desperate fire had ignited every fibre of my body. My eyes watered at
the overwhelming sensation.

"Thomas? Did I hurt you?" Torug stared down at my face, his eyes filled
with worry at my sudden reaction. I wasn't usually one to object when he
kissed me.

"No," I shook my head. "It's only..." I licked my lips, trying for a
moment to find the right words but opting instead for a more
straightforward approach. "Just shut up and kiss me again."

The massive orc didn't need to be told twice. Torug instantly lifted me
off the floor to bring my head level with his. I closed my eyes as his
tongue invaded my mouth. I had been on the receiving end of this
treatment countless times, yet it had never felt like this. We made out
for what felt like hours. By the end, Torug had me pinned against a
wall, his tusks pressing hard against the sides of my mouth.

"You want to take this somewhere else?" He whispered, one of his hands
suggestively trailing down my stomach toward the clasp of my belt.

"Definitely," I answered breathlessly. Torug brought our lips together
once again as he walked us toward our bedroom. For every second that
passed I felt a heat building in my body, an instinctual need to be ever
closer to my lover.

Even though the effects of the binding waters had been described to me
in detail many months earlier, experiencing it was a wholly different
story. I was floating in what felt like a drunken stupor. The steady
beat of my heart reverberated through my body like a drum, stoking the
fire burning in my gut.

As Torug reached our bedroom he sat me down in front of him. I instantly
began removing my clothes, as did he.
