Conquest

Pt.4

*We all realise the weight of proposing to someone. What if that fateful
question carried a much heavier (and certainly more final) weight? As
Andy and Kronn lead their lives together, the possibility of tying
themselves to each other hang in the air.*

*Todays weather forecast: less cock and more story. If that sounds
boring, relish in the thought that the next story certainly will not be
the same.*

*Story Outline;*

1.  *Recap of Andy now living with Kronn*

2.  *In a moment of romance, Andy asks Kronn to be bound*

3.  *Binding ceremony*

4.  *Wedding night*

A sharp knock on the door echoed through the ornately decorated dressing
room.

"Come in," I said, busy tying the laces of my shoes. I looked briefly
over my shoulder to see one of the chapel attendants standing in the
doorway. "Yes?" I returned to my task at hand.

"I was asked to let you know that we're ready to begin in an hour, sir.
Is there anything you need beforehand?" She asked, briefly adjusting the
scarf around her neck.

"No, thank you." I replied, standing up to check my reflection in the
mirror before me. "An hour you said?"

The woman nodded and left, closing the door behind her. I sat down on
the chair in front of the vanity mirror and looked myself in the eyes.
*My wedding day*, I thought. I had never been surer of any choice in my
life, yet there were lingering doubts, as was no doubt the case of any
person on the brink of a new life. As much as I was sure there would be
no regrets on my part, it wouldn't entirely be an existence of my
choosing.

***Three months earlier.***

"Are you serious?" Micah said, her mouth open in surprise as I broke the
news to her. "Get out of here! For six months?"

"Six and a half months, actually." I said, smiling at her as I sipped my
coffee. "I guess I finally did surprise you, didn't I?"

"Surprised? Andy, I can't believe my ears. I guess I knew it would
happen eventually, but I'm still awestruck." She laughed to herself as
she sat down next to me. "I'm so happy for you, but now I need to hear
everything!"

Over the noise of the crowded caf√©, I proceeded to tell her the story of
how I met my current partner.

We'd first laid eyes on each other under unusual circumstances, when I'd
literally collided with him trying to catch the eye of another man. I'd
needed a bit of convincing, but after spending the night with him, I
couldn't have been happier that I let my prejudices fall to the wayside.
It turns out that having a massive orc with the strength of two oxen
make love to you was quite the experience.

I hadn't intended for our meeting to be anything but a carnal affair.
'Hard, fast and with no strings attached' was the motto I used to abide
by. Nothing wrong with that, but once Kronn gave me his number, I
couldn't help but call a few days later. This quickly led to meeting him
for lunch, having dinner together one night, and eventually realising
that we were growing increasingly fond of each other.

I had to give credit to the proprietors of the *Club Tropique*, they had
once again introduced me to an experience I didn't know I wanted.

So far, our relationship was going well. I had kept my apartment, but I
was thinking of selling it now that I barely slept there. In spite of
our life together being practically everything I had hoped for, there
was still a loose end I kept returning to in my thoughts.

I didn't need to hear Kronn say the words to know he wanted to bind me.
In his eyes, it was about cementing a relationship. I agreed with him up
to a point, but much like I had been reticent to even go home with him
at first, completely surrendering my independence was still a choice I
couldn't make. At least, I didn't yet know if I could make it.

He'd said it himself when we first met: *"Don't you enjoy being small?
Having someone strong hold you?"*. If I were to agree, I'd wipe away
everything that had made that sentence less than the absolute truth. My
predicament wasn't made any less difficult by the fact that I wanted it,
too. In the six months I'd known Kronn, I'd learned to let him take care
of me. Not that I'd been insecure before, but having him near made me
feel safe.

In the end, it was my decision to make. I knew my choice would be
respected, but it was still a point of some contention between us.

As my coffee date with Micah drew to a close, and once I had promised
her she would get to meet my partner, I began my walk home. As if to
make my mounting feelings of indecision more pressing, there seemed to
be an abundance of happy couples passing me in the streets. Countless
duets of content people walked by me, as if I had happened upon a parade
of boundless romance. As I observed the people walking by me, a mix of
orcs and humans alike, I considered my relationship. I would normally be
one of the happy wanderers, but once I was alone it struck me all the
more forcefully how I was yet to fully consummate our partnership. *It's
a big step, but would it really be so bad?,* I thought as a particularly
familiar sight passed me by; a human not unlike myself held in the arms
of his considerably taller orc lover.

I stopped once I was a comfortable distance away from them, and watched
them from afar. I saw how they smiled at each other as they talked, two
puzzle pieces that fit together perfectly.

After observing the couple for a few minutes, I continued my short walk
to Kronn's apartment, the place I now called my home. I couldn't shake
the image of the two happy lovers, one couple among the many I saw
daily. Something had changed in me over the day. I didn't have many
close friends, and telling Micah about my relationship had somehow made
it more official than anything Kronn and I had said to each other.

I rode the elevator to Kronn's apartment in silence, thinking to myself
what we were going to spend our afternoon and evening doing. As I
approached the front door, I considered fishing around in my pockets for
a set of keys, but being covered in heavy winter clothes, I opted for
the easy way in. I rang the doorbell and waited for my man to open the
door for me.

"Yeah?" I heard a deep voice say as the door opened in front of me. I
winked as Kronn appeared in front of me, cracking a smile at seeing me.
"I thought it was a delivery or something." He said, and stepped aside
to let me in.

"I couldn't be bothered to locate my keys." I said as I stepped into the
apartment. I shrugged off my coat and walked toward him, laying my arms
around his waist. "How's your day been?" I asked as he wrapped his arms
around me, hugging me to his immense frame.

"It's sure to improve now that you're here," He said, bending down to
kiss my forehead. I reached up with my hand, laying it against his
cheek. "I've been stuck for hours trying to assemble the new bed frame.
As much as I appreciate IKEA, the screws are obviously made to be
tightened by smaller fingers."

"Strength isn't everything, you know," I said, laying a hand against
Kronn's chest. He cocked an eyebrow at my remark, and I laughed at his
light indignation. "Allow me to correct that: your strength is
everything to *me*."

"It had better be, Andy." Kronn said and flexed his arms around me,
reminding me that I was in the embrace of someone who could lift a small
car without much trouble. Smiling at him, I extracted myself from his
arms and walked toward the bedroom, wanting to survey exactly how badly
he'd botched the assembly.

"Apparently," I barely squeezed the sentence out, laughter building in
my stomach. "IKEA has little regard for your strength." I giggled as I
observed the chaos in front of me. A half-assembled bed frame occupied
the room, with screws driven into places they obviously didn't belong.
Luckily, I had insisted that the old frame not be thrown out until the
new one was in place, a decision which was about to come in handy.

"Yeah yeah," He said, standing beside me. "Is it salvageable or have I
completely ruined it?" I approached the pile of wood, bending down to
see how much damage had been done. "Please don't tell me I have to go
there again, Andy. You know I can't stand walking through those stores,
they're like a labyrinth from Greek mythology..." I laughed and picked
up a small metal screw. It was completely bent out of shape, having been
forced through a hole it didn't fit. The dirty joke entered my mind but
I decided I could save it for later.

"It looks like you put it through a woodchipper, Kronn." I turned to
face him, smiling as he sighed at my remark. "If you really don't want
to do it, I can get us a new one, it's no big deal." I paced around the
ruined furniture, trying to get a sense of how he could have damaged it
so badly.

"Not to be too blunt, but there's no way you can lift a bedframe of this
size." Kronn said, standing behind me with one hand on my shoulder.

"I don't have to. They have a delivery service, you know?" I turned
around and looked up at him. "I believe they can put it together for us
as well, so we can avoid a repeat performance."

"Why didn't we just do that in the first place?" He asked, raising his
hands up. I looked him in the eyes, counting the seconds it would take
for him to remember. "Oh yeah, I remember now."

"You didn't want to spend the extra money, if I recall correctly?" I
said, smiling as he breathed in, trying to formulate a good retort.
"Never mind, it's just a piece of furniture. You have other qualities."

"Such as?" He laid a hand against my cheek, trying to change the
subject.

"The ability to pack up this mess and get our old bed back, for
instance," I said, laughing as I walked away from him. I stopped in the
doorframe, turning around and looking at him. "Once you do that, you'll
be free to demonstrate your many other abilities."

"Fine." He said, smiling at me as he bent down and began to pick up the
mangled pieces of wood that once constituted a brand-new bed frame. "Can
you get me something to drink while I take care of it?"

"Sure." I said, wandering off to the kitchen while Kronn did the heavy
lifting. I opened the refrigerator and took out two bottles of beer.
Once I had them opened, I returned to the bedroom, observing Kronn while
he stuffed the broken pieces of wood back into the box they came in.

"How was Micah?" He asked as I handed him a bottle.

"Much as she always is," I said, taking a swig of the beer. "She wants
to meet you someday."

"You hadn't told her about us yet?" He said, looking up at me. I briefly
contemplated lying but decided I would gain nothing from not being
truthful.

"I don't discuss the specific details of my love-life with her," I said.
I took a seat in the window sill, watching for Kronn's reaction. He
appeared mostly unfazed but mildly sceptical, so I decided to explain my
decision further. "Okay, that's only partially true. I guess she's had
to listen to a fair bit about my earlier escapades, but I've never
really talked about any serious relationships with her." I looked at him
as he kept picking up pieces of wood and metal, stacking them neatly in
a cardboard box. "Do you think I should have told her earlier? It was
never my intention to keep any parts of my life a secret. Not from her
or anybody else."

"She'll have to answer that for you, Andy," Kronn said, lifting the
bottle of beer to his lips. "But it doesn't bother me one bit, if you're
asking for my opinion on it. There are still some people I haven't told,
but I guess with some people you just don't naturally come upon certain
topics."

"I don't know, I guess I just feel a bit funny about it," I said, idly
tapping my fingers against the window. "You want to have her for dinner
one day? I think you'll like her."

"I'd love to meet her." Kronn said, smiling at me as he packed away the
last of the bedframe.

I stepped out to the kitchen as Kronn busied himself with finishing the
bedroom. I watched him from the other end of the flat, idly resting my
eyes on his large figure as he restored the room to its earlier shape.

As much as I enjoyed watching him, I had tasks of my own to tend to.

"I want to do it." I said, sitting down by the kitchen table with my
wine.

"You can get *it* once I'm finished here, Andy," Kronn winked at me and
kept putting away the dishes until he realised that I was broaching a
serious subject. "Sorry, what do you mean?" He asked, walking toward me.
I stayed silent. Now that I had opened the subject it was proving
difficult for me to go further into it. "Tell me what-." He stopped once
it clicked what I was getting at.

"Are you absolutely sure that you know what you're asking for?" He said,
sitting down in front of me. I looked him in the eyes and nodded. I'd
made up my mind. "What I want in this shouldn't matter to you, Andy. For
the simple reason that it would be the only thing that matters if we go
through with it." I sat back in my chair, looking him squarely in the
eyes.

"I'll own you for the rest of your life," Kronn reached over the table,
stroking the back of my hand with his thumb. "Is that really what you
want from our relationship? To relinquish your independence. To resign
from your job. To give up everything that was yours in favour of what's
*mine*."

Kronn looked at me, fixing me with his gaze. I had to admit, he was true
to his promise of making it my choice.

"I've made my decision," I said, breathing heavily. It was a weight off
my mind now that I'd finally put my doubts behind me. In the end, I
wanted him to own me. As much as I had relished my earlier lifestyle, I
couldn't imagine a better future than being inextricably *his*. Knowing
what I had to ask, I stood up by the side of the table and looked at
him. "Will you take me?"

"Of course, I will." Kronn said, standing to his full height in front of
me. He extended his arms, beckoning me in. I walked into his embrace,
laying my head against his chest as I had done so many times before. It
was only when I felt one of his hands against my face that I realised
that tears were falling from my eyes. "You know what I told you long
ago, Andy?" He asked, his eyes fixed on my face. "You'll always be safe
with me. I intent to keep that promise. I would never let anything hurt
you."

"I know," I said, my voice heavy with emotion. I relaxed into his arms,
nothing else instilled quite the same feeling of peace in me. Of course,
that was part of the reason I would give myself to him. Months ago, I'd
have scoffed at wanting someone to protect you, but now it was just
another part of my desperate desire for him. It wasn't that I'd grown
weaker, I'd come to the realisation that I had someone I didn't always
have to be strong for. Despite my realising I could fully open myself to
him, I still felt the compulsion to straighten up and regain my
composure. "Look at me. I'm a mess." I said, laughing quietly to myself
as I dried my cheeks with the arms of my shirt.

"I don't mind," Kronn said, hugging me tightly to his larger frame.
"You've never been more beautiful to me."

We stood together for a long time. My head resting against Kronn's
chest, listening to his steady heartbeat. Periodically, his hands would
run over my back, reassuringly pressing me to his body. I knew this is
where I wanted to be.

***One month later.***

"Welcome, Andrew. Please have a seat."

I sat down in the supple armchair, letting my eyes wander over the
richly furnished office. Diplomas and leather-bound books adorned the
walls along with famous, albeit copied, artwork.

"Glad to see you. My name is Sheila Marin, licensed psychologist." The
lithe woman in front of me adjusted her glasses and looked squarely at
me. "Do you know why you are here?"

"I do," I said. I crossed my legs and smiled at dr. Marin, relaxing into
the comfortable chair. "I was referred here by the marital general of
New Garland."

"Indeed, you were," dr. Marin said, smiling back at me. I could tell she
was hard at work creating a welcoming, safe atmosphere. The pastel
colours of the armchairs we sat in, the complete absence of sharp
corners in the office, even the carefully selected orchid sitting in the
window was soft and reassuring.

"I understand you've agreed to a contract, and subsequent ritual, of
binding. My job, for your own safety, is to determine that you enter
this agreement in full awareness of what is to transpire."

I leaned back in the chair, looking around me at the soft environment
I'd found myself in. The multiple visits to mental health professionals
were a necessary requirement in order to allow Kronn to bind me. I
didn't really need to speak to a psychologist about it, but I realised
the importance of the procedure.

Ever since we had signed a preliminary agreement at the courthouse, the
steadily grinding gears of bureaucracy had relentlessly subjected us to
countless tests and mountains of paperwork. All to make sure that we, or
rather I, had consented to the specific future that awaited us.

"Ask what you may, dr. Marin," I said, looking at the woman in front of
me. I suspected that in her profession, this conversation would invoke
frequent feelings of d√©j√† vu.

"I made my decision fully informed of what was to happen, but I'll
happily answer any inquiries you have."

"Well," She began, tilting her head as she looked at me across the room.
"I'm encouraged to hear you say that, but this does not minimise the
gravity of the situation you've placed yourself in," I furrowed my brow
at her language. Her scepticism may have been warranted, given the
likelihood of her seeing drastically different cases than mine, but it
still made me wish I was somewhere else.

"To begin with, I'd like to remind you that our conversation stays
between the two of us. Anything you tell me won't leave this room," She
said. "Your significant other, Kronn of Windsong, let's start by
discussing your life with him," dr. Marin studied a notepad she kept
placed in her lap, then looked up at me. "How would you describe the
situation between the two of you?"

"I love him," I said. I leaned back in the armchair, closing my eyes for
a moment before resuming my sentence. "I look forward to seeing him
every day." Dr. Marin looked at me, seemingly expecting a more elaborate
answer. I indulged her, though I wasn't one to reveal my personal life
to strangers.

"When he's around, I feel safe. I know he cares about me, and I care
about him. Our life together is what I've always wished for."

Dr. Marin jotted down a quick note on her paper, then turned to another
page, loading another question into her psychiatric rifle.

***Two months later***.

With shaky hands I straightened my tie in the mirror. It was faintly
ridiculous, dressing up for a moment no one would witness. There
wouldn't even be a photographer, and neither me nor Kronn had any close
family alive that we'd consider inviting either way.

\-
