Conquest

Part 1.

*The start of a new series of short stories. Even less story, more smut,
possibly a lot more liberal with what concepts like "consent" and
"marriage" mean.*

"Hungry?" I looked down at my cell phone, noticing the single
notification popping up. I smiled and tapped on the message, bringing up
the conversation with my husband. Included with the text message was a
*very* revealing picture of a pair of underwear straining to contain a
truly spectacular amount of male flesh.

"Can't wait," I texted back, taking the opportunity to quickly snap an
image of myself and sending it along.

"Home in thirty minutes. I want you right away," The reply came quickly.
My heartbeat sped up in anticipation. I felt like an addict waiting for
his next fix, but I wouldn't have it any other way.

I hurried through the apartment to the bathroom, he would expect me to
be clean and prepared and I had precious little time to clean up. I had
my routine down to a perfect fifteen minutes by now, which left fifteen
more minutes to find the perfect outfit. Before stepping into the
shower, I picked up an aerosol can from the bathroom counter and doused
my naked body in the spray. It was a new kind of combined hair removal
and moisturiser marketed at the 'Finer Gentlemen' of the world,
personally I preferred the term 'Femboy'. It was so much more direct. In
a few short minutes, the spray had worked its wonders, and I stepped
into the shower.

I cleaned myself inside and out, everything must be perfect, lest I
disappoint the man I loved so.

Once thoroughly devoid of any foul odours or unsightly body hair, I
proceeded to dress once again. First came a tight, white jockstrap
perfectly cut to accentuate the curve of my back while hiding the little
bump in front. Afterward a light pink t-shirt, a slightly baggy fit, but
it flowed beautifully over my thin body. Now I played the waiting game.

Thirty minutes after his initial text, I heard a key turn the lock to
the front door, and heavy footsteps walking toward the bedroom shortly
thereafter. I stretched out on the bed, hugging a pillow to my chest. I
knew how much my partner loved the image of the innocent sissy patiently
waiting for his man. And what a man he was waiting for. At least two and
a half meters tall, padded with thick muscles barely contained by his
clothes.

The massive orc strode into the room as if magnetically drawn toward the
sight before him. "I could never get tired of this sight, Tommy." He
said, walking slowly toward the bed while unbuttoning his shirt. "Do I
tell you enough how glad I am to have bound you?" He brought his hand
down to cup my chin, his lust-crazed yet warm eyes meeting my sultry
gaze.

*Binding. It may be prudent of me to explain that concept. An ancient,
arcane ritual made possible by modern technology, allowing two
consenting adults to change their bodies (and indeed their entire being)
into diametrically opposed yet perfectly complimentary pieces of a
whole. One becomes the binder: the dominant partner that guides and
provides. The other becomes the bound: the submissive partner that
follows and receives. It may seem unequal to some, but to me it was
simply the way I had always wanted to be.*

"I'll never stop thanking my lucky star that you did," I answered,
breaking eye contact and looking instead at the poorly concealed bulge
before me. I knew to wait for permission before going further, yet I
couldn't help taking a deep breath, inhaling the radiant smell of *man*
coming off my husband.

"Go ahead," He said. I went at it immediately, my fingers hurriedly
unclasping the belt holding up the pair of black trousers. As soon as
that annoying strap of brown leather was out of the way, I slowly began
to unbutton the pants in front of me. As soon as the three buttons were
undone, I pushed the black fabric downward, revealing a pair of tight
blue briefs bearing the label 'MALE'.

The warm air saturated with the deep scent of male pheromones and a hint
of sweat hit me like a freight train. I moaned involuntarily and lunged
forward to bury my face in the soft bulge in front of me. Like a hungry
animal I licked at the still covered mass of male power, all the while
breathing deep of my man's scent. Like it always did, the experience
left my heart pounding like a drum as my head grew lighter with every
second. I was so beautifully addicted to the orc's essence. Once I had
ensured that his underwear was sufficiently soaked through with my
saliva, I hooked my thumbs on the hem of his briefs, and slowly began
pulling them down.

Like a menacing snake, the enormous dick unfurled from its confines as I
removed the last obstacle separating me from my centre of devoted
worship. For a few seconds, I simply admired the deep green colour of
the veiny pillar of flesh before me.

"Let's get more comfortable before you begin," The orc said, rolling me
over onto my back with one of his strong arms. I smiled as he slowly
made his way to straddle my chest, placing his thick legs on either side
of my arms to effectively prevent any movement. I'd be doing the work,
but he always called the shots. Still, I couldn't resist one gesture of
insubordination, and quickly bent my neck forward, trying to capture the
fat head of his cock with my open mouth. A large hand stopped me just in
time, and as I looked up in disappointment, I saw my husband's face
staring down at me, one corner of his mouth pulled up in a leering grin.
"You'll have to ask nicely first, love," I observed his mouth moving,
the tusks protruding from his lower jaw only adding to the brutal
dominance.

"Please," I gasped, sticking out my tongue in need. "Torug, please let
me taste you..." His hand remained where it was, staying my progress.
Ever so slowly, the orc bucked his hips forward, letting my
stretched-out tongue barely meet the tip of his manhood.

As if filmed in slow-motion, I saw a pearl of clear fluid leak from the
slit of Torug's dick. I desperately stretched my tongue farther than any
man should be able to in order to catch it. As soon as the small drip
landed on my tongue my taste buds exploded with a flavour unlike any
other. Sweet, salty and wonderfully rich. Nothing else could quite come
close to the deeply personal taste that only my husband could produce.

Torug moaned at the contact and released my head. I dove forward,
capturing the head of his cock in my mouth and running my tongue over
the dark green skin. Like a hungry animal I worked the still soft orc
member into my throat. With every fraction of his cock that I swallowed
came fresh sensations of flavour, until my nose was pressed against his
pelvis. I tried to stick out my tongue to lick the soft yet leathery
skin concealing his fat testicles, sensing the potent musk coming off
them in waves.

I let the slowly hardening orc cock rest down my throat for several
minutes until my jaws began to ache with the exertion. As I pulled back
to cradle the plump head in my mouth, I was rewarded with a thick stream
of syrupy precum running in a slow stream from the powerful orc dick. I
let the sweet liquid pool in my mouth until it began to run down my
cheeks, and then swallowed the delectable mouthful. Torug smiled down at
me, appreciating the sight of the small human eagerly drinking his
viscous preseed.

The thick dollop of orc precum now resting in my hungry stomach served
only to spur me on further in my quest to pleasure my husband. I renewed
my efforts in running my tongue across the smooth flesh of his cock,
working the thick member in and out of my throat. Torug controlled the
pace with a guiding hand on the back of my head, not allowing me
anything more than my mouth to worship him with, I wasn't yet to be
allowed the privilege of using my hands on his body. If I could have,
I'd have gladly run my hands across his thick muscles, appreciating
every curve of his monstrous body. I would have to wait until Torug
decided he wanted that, though. He called the shots.

As his arousal grew, so did the pace with which he worked my head up and
down his cock. With every thrust more and more precum pooled into my
stomach, heightening my lust for him measurably. Finally, he gave up on
using his hands to steer the course of my blowjob, and opted instead for
bucking his hips back and forth. I laid my head against the pillow
beneath me as Torug leaned toward me, obscuring my view of anything but
the muscled body dominating me.

"Going to fill you so fucking full, Tommy," Torug growled as he pumped
his massive cock in and out of my mouth. Spit and precum clung to the
thick shaft as he rapidly thrust it back and forth. The orc was a
machine, specially made to deliver his manhood as deep into me as
possible. Having had my gag reflex worn away many months ago, I simply
stayed put as he used me for his own pleasure. After enduring several
minutes of the brutal assault, I saw his thick muscles tense as he
approached his climax. With a final thrust, Torug buried his entire cock
in my throat just as the first jet of fertile orc seed shot from his
body into mine.

I didn't need to swallow a single drop by myself, the length of Torug's
immense orc cock made sure every ounce of cum was delivered straight
down my gullet. My eyes were rolled into the back of my skull as the
truly enormous load was pumped relentlessly into my body. The hunger I'd
felt the entire day was instantly sated as my body gratefully accepted
the feeding.

As Torug's climax gradually subsided he slowly withdrew his steely
member from my throat, rewarding me with several thick drops of orc cum
into my mouth. As always, the taste was utterly overwhelming. Having had
dates and partners before Torug, I could safely say that nothing had
ever compared. A single flavour containing multitudes, the complexity of
his male essence was astonishing. I savoured the few drops before
swallowing them and pulling off his thick cock.

"Thank you," I said and planted a kiss on the tip of his manhood. I
didn't need to say anything else for the time being, I simply went about
the business of showing my deep appreciation through action instead.
Torug stayed perfectly still as I ran my tongue across his monumental
column of meat. I worked myself down to the base, and finally laid the
heavy dick across my face, burying my nose in the folds of skin hiding
his massive balls. His scent was always the strongest here, giving me an
unrivalled sample of his power.

"Such a good boy," Torug said as he removed his cock from it's place of
pride across my face and lay down beside me. My hands went instantly to
cradle my stomach, feeling the sizeable bulge created by his deposit of
seed. "I love you so much," He whispered in my ear as one of his hands
joined mine, tenderly rubbing his palm across my smooth skin.

"I love you too," I responded, rolling over to meet his eyes. Our lips
slowly made contact, basking together in the sweet afterglow. As we
kissed, I let my hands run across his naked frame, appreciating not only
the enormity of his body but the beautiful difference between us. The
massively muscled orc cradling a small, effeminate human in his arms.
Perfectly opposite and complimentary, just as I had always wanted it to
be.

"Would you like some more?" Torug asked as he broke the kiss, his hands
suggestively wandering down my body. I moaned quietly as one of his
thick fingers ran down the crack of my ass, pushing gently against the
pink ring of my hole.

"Yes..." I whispered, my eyes closed as I shivered in pleasure. The orc
brought one of his fingers to my mouth, and I obediently suckled on the
thick digit. Once satisfied that I had lubricated it enough, he slowly
began pushing it into my tight ass. I whimpered at the initial
discomfort but quickly changed my tune as Torug's finger began to
aggressively massage my prostate. "More, please..." I moaned, my face
buried in the crook of his neck.

"You're more needy than usual today," He said, his voice husky with
arousal. "Just the way I like you." He added another finger to my
stretching hole, slowly working me up to take his entirety. Whilst he
gradually got me used to the intrusion, I felt the familiar effects of
his seed inside me. My thoughts were growing clouded and incoherent, a
singular need for more of the orc's potent cum replacing my conscious
thoughts. The first time Torug had filled me I had been confused and
stricken with panic as my own intellect took a back seat, but now I
welcomed the haze with open arms.

"Time to really mess you up," Torug growled in my ear and turned me onto
my back. In a single motion, he ripped off my jockstrap, leaving me
entirely unclothed. I looked down over my body with foggy eyes as the
orc laid his fat manhood on top of mine. The difference was as palpable
there as it was any other place. The true enormity of Torug's
fantastical cock only enhanced by the comparison to my own soft,
impotent boyhood. "Look at that, Tommy..." He said, leering down at my
lithe frame as his eyes glowed with dominance and pride. "I can't
believe I get to ruin you every day." He punctuated his sentence by
lifting the massive, jade green pillar of flesh and letting it fall onto
my smooth skin, splattering droplets of orc precum over my body.

I closed my eyes and simply went along for the ride as Torug placed the
steely hard head of his cock against my tightly puckered hole. I held my
breath as the orc began to push into my body, with every fraction of his
massive cock that my body eagerly swallowed up came new waves of
pleasure tinged with pricks of pain. Torug held one of his hands against
my lower stomach as he pressed onward, feeling my skin move as his
manhood forcefully rearranged my insides. I exhaled sharply as I felt
his bull nuts touch my skin, indicating the orc had managed to sheathe
his entire cock inside me.

Torug leaned down over me, pressing his lips to mine and eventually
filling my mouth with his much larger tongue. He kissed me slowly and
let me enjoy the feeling of his cock throbbing inside me. It was the
calm before the inevitable storm, an exercise in power and dominance,
showing that he could have me writhing underneath him without moving a
single muscle.

"Ready?" Torug said as he pulled away from my face. I nodded my assent,
eyes locked onto his. Without breaking eye contact, the massive orc
withdrew his entire cock and pushed it into me again. My eyes fluttered
closed as the nerve endings in my lower body sang with pleasure. As he
slowly picked up the pace, Torug lowered his body onto mine, almost
completely obscuring my smaller frame from view. Droplets of orc sweat
coated my face as I was mashed into the deep valley between his
pectorals, serving only to elevate my desperate pleasure to even higher
levels. My much smaller cock was hard as a rock sandwiched between our
bodies, every repeated thrust into my hole stimulating me both from the
inside and out.

"So damn tight," The orc's deep voice boomed from above as he slammed
into my ass. "I'll stretch you until you can't walk," He continued,
furiously thrusting his massive cock in and out of me. "That way you'll
never be able to leave, I'll just carry you around."

I could only moan in response, scarcely comprehending a word of what he
said. As Torug thrust ever harder into my ass, using every inch of his
massive green body to grind me into dust, I felt the first of many
orgasms approach. My face was wet with a mixture of tears and the potent
sweat dripping from my lover's body as my cock twitched and I spilled my
seed between our two bodies. It felt like the waves of pleasure wracking
my body never stopped as the constant stimulation of my body coupled
with the orc seed roiling through my body kept my orgasm going for
unnaturally long. Minutes passed as my cock never stopped throbbing
against Torug's green skin, any droplet of seed long since spent.

"Can't stop cumming when a real man takes your ass, can you?" Torug
growled, relentlessly pounding his cock into me. I couldn't count the
number of times I had felt the dominant orc fuck me into submission, but
every time struck me just as hard. "Don't worry, I'll never let you go a
day without a proper fucking, Tommy." The dirty talk had long since
worked its way into my brain, it was as much an inescapable truth as it
was words said in the heat of the moment.

I gasped for breath as Torug pulled my face away from his chest. Sweat
dripped from his body onto mine as the colder air hit my skin. I looked
through half-closed eyes at his face. With every thrust into me, his
face tensed in a bestial grimace, the tusks protruding from his mouth
only serving to make his manhood more apparent.

"You want my load inside you?" Torug grunted, driving his orchood ever
faster and harder into me. I couldn't answer, every word I tried to form
failed me, only coming out as weak moans and whimpers. Not that I needed
to say anything, my husband already knew what my response would be. I
couldn't have enough of his seed, every drop only fuelled my addiction
ever more. He leaned down toward me once again, capturing my mouth with
his own. His tongue snaked into my mouth, making sure I was adequately
filled from both sides with orc meat. As we kissed, he laid his arms
around me and lifted me up into a sitting position. I was sat in his
lap, bouncing up and down on his monstrous erection with every thrust
upwards of his hips.

Satisfied that I was ready to take his full onslaught, Torug lifted one
of his arms and forced my face toward his damp armpit. He clamped down
on my head, trapping me against his sweaty skin. With every breath I
took the haze clouding my mind grew ever stronger, the orc's power over
me more than absolute. I stretched out my tongue, eagerly lapping up the
drips of sweat coating his skin. As I dragged my tongue across his green
skin, Torug intensified yet again the pace with which he pounded my ass.

Finally, Torug roared at the top of his lungs and buried his entire cock
in my ass. I felt a scalding heat grow inside me as his massive member
twitched and unleashed yet another river of orc cum into me. I closed my
eyes and rode along the sensations ravaging my weak body as the thick
fluid rapidly filled me to capacity. I could physically feel my stomach
growing more and more bloated as the orc unloaded into me, but I didn't
care. He could ruin me forever as long as I could feel this way.

As the minutes passed Torug's orgasm didn't subside. His potent seed
continued to flow into me, warming my insides and marking me as his.
Finally, I felt my consciousness start to slip away as the sensations
became to much for my body to handle. The last thing I felt was a pair
of strong arms laying me down, a large wall of warm muscles against my
back, and a voice whispering in my ear. "Rest a while now, but I'm not
finished with you yet..."
