Conquest

Pt.3

*The "human meets orc in bar" storyline never gets old, does it? At
least not to me. This time we're introducing "Club Tropique", a
members-only establishment where anything goes, and everyone goes home
satisfied, though not with who they originally had in mind.*

"I'm not judging you, but I don't understand how you can do it." Micah
said to me as we sat down in the restaurant. "I guess I just need a bit
more romance before I open my mouth and spread my legs." She winked at
me and twirled her fork around the creamy pasta covering her plate.

"It's not that I don't appreciate the "finer things" in life," I said,
taking a sip of water. "But sometimes I just want to skip all that and
get down to business straight away," I scooped a mouthful of fettucine
into my mouth and looked around the room. "Besides, I find that a layer
of separation can remove some inhibitions."

"Andy, you had no inhibitions to begin with," Micah laughed and smiled
at me. "But fine, it's your choice in the end." I wasn't listening too
attentively, I'd spotted a serious piece of eye candy standing in line
to buy lunch. Big all over, shaved head, dreamy green eyes, he had
everything. *He'd look good on top of me*, I thought before focusing my
attention on my lunch date once again. There was a moment for
everything, and a restaurant in the middle of the day was neither the
place nor the time to find that kind of distraction.

My lunch went by as expected, Micah was always a treat to hang out with,
even if she was a conservative type. As for my own taste, I wanted it
hard and fast, preferably with little contact afterward. I wanted to
settle down eventually, but I had time for some fun before that.

At four in the afternoon, I stepped into the shower to prepare for the
night ahead. I had already shaved and cleaned myself earlier, but a
final pass couldn't hurt. Once I had towelled off and dried my hair, I
pulled on a loose-fitting shirt and a pair of light jeans, it had to
look nice but be easy to remove.

I locked the door to my flat and took the bus to my destination: the
infamous "Club Tropique", a members-only establishment catering to those
who wanted to have fun without having to ask too many questions. There
was a short line to get in the door, but over the years the employees
had learned to make it as efficient as possible. Once I'd flashed my
membership card to the bouncer standing guard, I made my way to the
changing rooms. The Tropique had a dress code everyone had to follow,
cover up the bottom parts, the rest was fair game.

At this point I should make clear that despite the inherent depravity in
a sex club, Club Tropique was a clean establishment with ironclad rules.
Most activities, save for the most extreme, were allowed if everyone
involved agreed to them. The staff relentlessly enforced the rules. If
you took more than was agreed to, you'd soon find yourself out on the
street.

As I undressed to a pair of white briefs and a bracelet with my
membership number on it, I observed the others beside me. An eclectic
crowd as usual. A pair of thin boys were talking with two *very* big
men. They laughed together as one of the bear-ish men stood next to one
of the boys, observing the difference in size. On the other end of the
room, a muscled man was changing next to an orc, seemingly having
arrived together. *He must not be bound*, I thought as I watched them
from afar. It wasn't unusual for couples to go together, but most orcs
kept their bound humans to themselves.

I steered clear of the orcs I met in the changing room. I felt several
of them gaze at me longingly, but I ignored it. I'd never deny being
attracted to a hulking, green beast looking to make me his, but the
fantasy of being a bound little slave was going to stay in my head. I
enjoyed my independence, and I was going to take steps to protect it.
Besides, orcs had a way of ruining other humans for those who tried it.
What's a regular guy once you've had a slavering orc brute fuck you into
the mattress for hours on end?

Once my clothes were safely tucked away in a locker, I made my way to
the real part of the club. I didn't have a specific plan of action in
mind, most of the time I'd hit up either the dance floor or the baths,
but I wasn't feeling either of those tonight. That left me with the
quietest room: the bar. The mix of activities that the *Tropique*
offered never ceased to amaze me, but the bar was the closest to an
ordinary night out you got there. Except for the almost-naked men and
women mingling in the bar, it looked just like a nicer hotel would.

I walked up to the bartender and waited to order. I was sandwiched
between two tall, dark women whom I noticed were looking intently at me.
If I didn't like men so much, I imagined I'd be interested, but
nevertheless I enjoyed the attention.

"Hey small stuff," The woman on my right smiled at me while sipping her
drink. "Want to come with us and have some fun together?" The two of
them towered over me, even without wearing high heels.

"Thanks for the offer," I smiled back while leaning against the bar.
"But I'm swinging the other way."

"Too bad, you'd look cute between these," She said and fondled her
*very* generously proportioned breasts. "You're welcome to join us for
some company if you don't find anything tonight." She bent down and
kissed my cheek, leaving a stain of red lipstick on my skin. I could
still smell the lingering smell of her sweet perfume as the two women
walked off to a table.

"What'll it be?" I turned around as the bartender addressed me.

"Vodka cranberry, please." I said and sat down on a barstool. I surveyed
the room while the bartender mixed my drink. A good crowd, but as of yet
no one struck my fancy. If I couldn't find anyone, I always had the
option of taking the two ladies up on their offer of some company.

I made some polite conversation with a man sitting next to me whilst I
waited for something interesting to turn up. He was nice enough, but the
dreadlocks and tattoos weren't doing it for me. Once he got the hint
that I wasn't interested, he turned his attention to someone sitting on
his other side, who luckily seemed more smitten with his appearance.
That's when Mr. Perfect walked into the room.

It was the same man I'd seen in the restaurant earlier in the day. He
looked even better without a shirt on, letting his heavy musculature be
exposed to the air. Not to mention the *other* parts of his impressive
physique that were suddenly on display, such as the tight speedo
straining on both sides to contain his bulk.

*My lucky day*, I thought and quickly downed the remainder of my drink.
I jumped down from the high chair and briskly turned around to approach
him before someone else had the chance, only to be tackled to the floor
by a massive wall of sheer body mass suddenly coming up before me.

"I'm sorry, man," A booming voice said from above me. "Here, let me help
you up." I blinked to refocus my vision and saw a hand stretched down to
me. A large, very *green* hand. *What in God's name just happened*, I
thought and took the stretched-out hand without thinking. I was pulled
to my feet and found myself standing before what looked like the single
largest person in the room.

"Thanks," I said and tried to find stable footing.

"You look all dazed, have a sit down and you'll feel better," The
massive orc standing in front of me said. Thinking about his tone, it
was more like he *commanded* me to do it. I hopped up on the chair again
and could finally see his face properly. Typical of most orcs,
kind-looking face with two large tusks giving him a bestial look. What
struck me the most was his sheer size, he was large even for most of his
kind. "Get me two glasses of beer." The orc said to the bartender and
leaned down over me. Subconsciously, I leaned back into the bar, trying
to put just a few more centimetres of distance between us.

"Thanks, but I've just had a drink and I'm really quite fine." I said,
my voice barely a squeak compared to his. The orc just laughed and
thrust a tall glass of beer into my hand. "Really, I was just on my way
to..." Out of the corner of my eye I saw Mr. Perfect in the arms of a
hairy, elderly man, aggressively chewing his mouth off. *Fucking
typical*, I thought and took a drink of the beer. My plans were ruined
at this point, what could it hurt?

"That's the attitude!" The orc said and slammed his hand onto my
shoulder. That was going to leave a mark later. He was still leaning
down, yet his face still loomed over mine. If one were to approach him
from behind, they wouldn't have been able to spot me. He clicked my
glass and took a large gulp of the beer for himself. "So, what name does
a cute guy like you go by?" He asked, smiling down at me.

"I'm Andy, you?" I said, slightly uncomfortable at his sudden advances.
I knew where this would end up if I didn't get out fast, but so far, his
behaviour was hardly out of line.

"Andy, eh? I'm Kronn," He said and stuck out his hand for me to shake.
My own hand disappeared completely against his enormous palm. "Well,
Andy," He began, holding my hand in his. "How about the two of us sit
down by a table like civilised folk and get to know each other," I
blinked, not sure how to answer him. My instincts (though at a closer
observation they may as well have been just prejudices) were screaming
at me to run, but he was being quite nice to me. "Don't worry, I know
the rules of this place. If you don't want to, I'll leave you in peace."

"Okay, sure." I acquiesced and walked after him as he motioned for me to
follow. We sat down opposite to each other at a corner table, and I
nervously sipped on my beer while looking at him.

"If you weren't sitting alone in the bar here, I'd guess you were
unexperienced," Kronn said and winked at me. "But I guess you've never
gone green before, have you?"

"Well, it's not-" I began, but one look at his face shut my excuses down
fast. "No, I haven't." I confessed and looked down in the table. Kronn
just laughed and leaned back in his chair.

"You're not the first to act nervous," He said, studying my face while
he drank his beer. "Perfectly understandable, too. You see those two
over there?" He pointed to a human man and an orc woman sitting by the
other end of the room. He looked completely spellbound by her, and after
looking closer, I noticed he was wearing a collar. She leaned in close
and whispered something in his ear, and he just smiled dumbly in
response.

"He's having the time of his life, but all we can see from here is a
bound human enthralled by his mistress. What we don't see is the two of
them going on dates and living a normal life together." I looked at
Kronn, being put on the spot like this wasn't exactly doing wonders for
my self-esteem.

"Where are you going with this?" I asked, my eyes still wandering
occasionally to the couple who had now proceeded to make out over their
table.

"Nowhere in particular, just giving you some additional perspective."
Kronn took a sip of his beer and leaned forward over the table. "The sex
is what you think it is, though." He said. I almost choked on my drink
and looked at his face smiling devilishly at me.

"I'm sorry?" I said, wiping my mouth from the beer I spilled over me.

"You know what I mean," He said and narrowed his eyes. "A small guy like
you, knowing you couldn't escape even if you wanted to. You don't have
to get bound to be given the pounding of your life..." He was discussing
the most lurid subject possible, yet his tone was perfectly casual. "But
you can have it nice and slow if you want to, though I'm guessing that
since you're here tonight, that's not your scene."

I wanted to protest, to say something to end the conversation and get on
with my life. Yet I couldn't. It felt like my body was glued to my
chair, every possible excuse I could come up with fizzled as soon as I
tried to exclaim it.

"Look at me," Kronn said. I instantly obeyed, fixing my eyes on his. He
had scooted his chair closer to mine and I could just barely make out
the mixed smell of cologne and masculinity coming off his body. "Just
say no if you want to stop..." He said, his voice only a whisper now.

I didn't, of course. Seconds later I felt a large hand reach out and
grab my shoulder, pushing me forward against the massive orc. Slower
than I thought possible, our faces approached each other until I could
feel his breath against my lips. His eyes were fixed intently on mine,
and as soon as I blinked, Kronn closed the distance between us and
planted his lips against mine.

The first sensation was the large pair of tusks pressing against my
skin, a poignant reminder that I was in uncharted waters. Second, I felt
his mouth open and his tongue press against my lips, asking for entry.
As soon as I parted my lips, it felt as though my mouth exploded with
unfamiliar flavours. The mixture of beer and an inextricably *male*
flavour I couldn't quite place utterly overwhelmed my senses.

*So, this is what they meant*, I thought. I remembered several people I
spoke to saying that their first time with an orc had been
transformative, that it was an experience they'd never quite get over.
Meanwhile, my own experience had only begun. I had barely made physical
contact with the orc and yet I was already being played like a cheap
fiddle.

Kronn moved his hand to clutch the back of my head as he only
intensified the kiss, filling my mouth entirely with his large tongue.
I'd made out hundreds of times, yet never had it felt like this. He was
undeniably in control of the situation, yet Kronn's dominance over my
body was gentle, like I'd never even think to question him being in
charge.

After what felt like a lifetime, Kronn broke the kiss and separated our
faces. He smiled warmly at me and I felt one of his strong hands softly
squeezing my shoulder.

"Wasn't so difficult, now was it?" He said, and I only nodded in
response. He leaned in to kiss me again, and this time I reciprocated
more freely. I wanted that feeling again, being held and gifted with his
all-consuming presence.

I let my hands wander over his body, feeling his naked skin against my
hands. I was torn between wanting to kiss him and wanting to explore
more of his frame. From my position I couldn't quite see, but it felt
like he had managed to pack on muscle and fat in equal amounts, giving
him an appearance that could only be described as imposing.

With my hands coming to rest around his thick neck, I concentrated once
again on the feeling of his tongue dominating my mouth. It felt like a
spoonful of thick orc saliva was being shoved into my mouth with every
movement of his thick oral limb. Ultimately, I was left with no choice
but to swallow down the viscous liquid, earning me an appreciative growl
from the orc. Despite having endured for several minutes, the unique
taste didn't become less intense as time went on, serving only to
further intoxicate me.

"Want to hear a suggestion?" He asked. I could see strands of orc spit
hang from his mouth as he broke the wet kiss. I didn't answer but
neither did I need to. "We change back into our regular clothes, I call
us a taxi back to my place, we share a drink and see where the night
takes us."

*God, I'm so fucking easy*, I thought as I looked into his eyes. "Yeah,
I'd like that."

Kronn took my hand and lifted me to my feet. I was thankful for his arm
steadying me, I felt pleasantly drunk but my balance was somewhat off.
We walked out of the bar together and into the changing room. It took me
a while to remember where I'd placed my clothes, but I quickly got
dressed once I'd found them. Once we were both dressed for more
civilised locales, we headed out of the club and onto the street. It was
colder than I had anticipated, and I shivered in the cool breeze.

"Feeling cold?" Kronn asked, noticing my discomfort. I nodded and rubbed
my hands together. "Let me solve that for you," He said and walked up to
me. In one, swift motion he hooked his hands below my arms and lifted me
up into his arms. It felt strange that I, an adult man, was being
carried like a child, but he was undeniably warming me up. "I told you I
could be a gentleman." He said, softly stroking my back with his warm
hands.

He had a point in what he said. I looked around at the crowd waiting for
a taxi, and I was not alone in being manhandled this way. A few metres
away, a similar-looking, albeit not quite as large, orc was carrying a
human woman in his arms, kissing her slowly.

It didn't take long for a taxi to pick us up, but in the short time that
passed, I was beginning to enjoy my position. With my head resting on
Kronn's shoulder, I inhaled the intoxicating aromas drifting off his
body with every breath. He smelled of lavender, and a deep, earthy tone
I couldn't place.

I'd never thought of it other than in passing glances but being so close
did finally allow me to appreciate just how huge orcs were. Standing
relatively short, my perspective may have been skewed, but my body
completely disappeared against Kronn's massive bulk. I was far from
complaining about that, though. I usually went for taller men, having
someone completely tower above me was deeply erotic if nothing else.

We didn't speak as the taxi carried us away from the club. I sat next to
Kronn in the backseat, his large hand resting on my thigh. Despite
agreeing to come with him, I was still reticent about what lay ahead. So
far, I had enjoyed myself greatly, but I was completely in his grasp. As
he had pointed out before, he could easily stop me from escaping and
there was precious little I could do about that.

As the taxi pulled up in front of his house, Kronn paid the driver and
we walked out onto the sidewalk. He lived in a nice building, not at all
far from my apartment.

As we rode the elevator up, he kept an arm around my shoulders. My guess
is that he wanted to be reassuring, but it felt more possessive than
anything. Opening the door to his home, he waved me into his apartment.

"Just set your shoes down anywhere," He said and gestured at the floor.
I did as instructed and followed him into the living room. "Have a
seat," He smiled and pointed at the sofa. I sat down and looked around
the room. It was nicely furnished, hardwood floors and bookshelves
around the walls. In one corner I spotted a piano and couldn't help but
wonder how Kronn could play it with his large hands. After a minute he
emerged from another room carrying a bottle and two glasses. "I didn't
ask, do you want some wine?" He said and handed me a glass.

"Just a bit, thanks." I said and held out the glass for him to fill. He
sat down next to me on the sofa and clicked my glass. *I could use some
liquid courage*, I thought and took a sip of the red wine.

"You still look a bit nervous," Kronn said and leaned back in the sofa,
looking at me.

"I'm sorry, it's just," I began, not quite finding the right words to
express myself.

"I'm twice your size and can lift you with a single hand?" He said and
smiled coyly at me.

"Something like that." I said and leaned back against the cushions.

"I won't force you into anything, but don't you enjoy being small?
Having someone strong hold you?" He said and leaned closer to me. He
wasn't wrong, feeling his strong arms around me certainly had made me
feel good. "Come here," He said, gesturing for me to move up closer. I
did, and he laid his arm around me, holding me close against him.

"You're perfectly safe with me," He said and looked down at me. I met
his gaze, still nervous but more reassured than before. "I promise."

"Okay," I said. I had to make a decision; either I get out or put my
trust in someone who, so far, had shown me nothing but a good time. It
should be obvious I chose the latter.

Kronn slowly leaned down, bringing his face closer to mine. I craned my
neck up to meet his lips, and we kissed once again. Slower this time,
like he wanted to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was truly
going to be as gentle as possible.

That really was all it took, and I could feel my body melt into his
arms. The combination of the wine, his reassuring words and his
wonderfully immense presence blew away the last of my reservations.

"It occurs to me," I said, trying to take the initiative for a change.
"That we've gone backwards in clothing."

"I thought you'd never say that," He said and stood up from the sofa.
"Want to do the honours?" He winked at me and put his hands on his hips.
I wasn't going to say no to that offer. I stood up in front of him,
marvelling yet again at the difference in height. Standing next to him I
could just barely reach the middle of his chest. I had to stretch my
arms above my head to reach the top button of his shirt, but I managed
to slowly peel away the top layer of his clothes, exposing the green
skin of his massive upper body to the air.

I ran my hands over his body, trying to get a feel of him. He casually
flexed his muscles as I let my hands wander over his chest and arms. His
arms were pornographic in their own right but his chest and belly were
truly marvellous. He had full, heavy pectorals hanging down slightly
from their own weight, resting atop a belly that could've belonged on a
bodybuilder off season.

I didn't get too far before Kronn took hold of my own shirt and pulled
it over my head, leaving us equally exposed.

"You're so fucking cute," He said, his hands roaming over my flat chest
and abdomen. One of his hands almost covered my entire frame by itself.
"Go on, get the next part." He said, his voice deep and husky.

It took some trying, but finally I managed to undo the buttons of his
jeans. I knelt down and slowly pulled them down his legs. Framed by
thighs as thick as my entire body, was the largest piece of male meat
I'd ever seen. He wore black briefs almost identical to mine, but I
could still see the outline of the massive tube of flesh contained
inside. I could only guess at this point, but it was easily thicker than
my forearm. I knew orcs were hung, but what I hadn't expected was the
smell of *man* that hit me in the face like a freight train. It was like
a concentrated aphrodisiac had been injected straight into my veins. I
felt the hair rise all over my body, dumbstruck by the effect his sheer
aroma had on me. How I hadn't taken greater notice of this at the club
remained a question.

"Don't get greedy now," Kronn said and pulled me to my feet. Without
noticing I'd spent well over a minute just breathing in his musk. "My
time." He said and got on his knees in front of me.

It didn't take much to figure out that Kronn was deliberately copying my
actions to further drive home just how much smaller I was. Having him
kneel in front of me looked almost comical. I noticed he was struggling
with the smaller buttons on my jeans, so I had to help him get my pants
off. As soon as my jeans fell to the floor, the orc dove forward
hungrily, laving his tongue over my midsection, staying just shy of my
still-covered crotch.

"Fuck," He swore, squeezing my leg tight with one of his hands. "You
smell so sweet." He hooked his thumbs in the waistband of my briefs and
looked up at me. "May I?" He grinned up at me and I nodded, my eyes half
closed.

In one motion, Kronn tore the underwear from my body, leaving me
completely exposed in front of him. I wasn't one to get nervous about my
size, I was perfectly average in that department, but compared to an orc
I was tiny. Kronn didn't seem to mind though, he went at it with the
ferocity of a starving man.

I moaned as his tongue made contact with my rigid cock. Within a
fraction of a second, he had my entire package in his mouth, his tongue
making sweet love to my sensitive dick. Even in this position, Kronn
made sure he was in absolute control of the situation. One hand on my
waist made sure I couldn't move in the slightest. My legs shook
violently as he expertly pleasured me, but even if my balance were to
fail, I imagined I'd be held aloft by his two strong arms.

"I love the way you sound," Kronn said, briefly pulling away from my
trembling cock. "You look like you're close, I'll enjoy this." I cried
out once again as he pulled my hips toward his eager mouth, one of his
hands roughly groping my backside. He relentlessly worked my rock-hard
cock with his tongue, completely engulfing my member with his warm
mouth. As I looked down, I could see thick strands of orc spit drip down
from his lower lip and splatter against my thighs.

"Kronn," I moaned out, approaching my climax. "I'm going to-"

I didn't finish my sentence as Kronn pulled my pelvis flush against his
face and held me in a vice grip against him. I could feel the tusks from
his lower lip dig into my pale skin as my entire body shook in an
overwhelming climax. I felt my cock go stiff, then fire shot after shot
of warm seed into his waiting mouth. I hadn't lasted very long, but I
had a feeling that wasn't going to be an issue. As my climax subsided, I
felt the strength disappear from my legs, but being held so tightly, I
didn't fall over.

Slowly, Kronn pulled off my softening cock, running his broad tongue
over my crotch to make sure I was properly cleaned up. As he released
me, I stumbled backwards and fell onto the couch, leaving him kneeling
on the floor.

"Looks like you enjoyed that." He said and stood up.

"Yeah," I panted breathlessly. My exhaustion didn't last for very long
though. I felt some of my strength return as I looked at his naked form
in front of me. "I think it's my turn now." I said, smiling as my spirit
returned.

"Ready to unwrap your present?" Kronn said and hefted his heavy package
in one hand. From what I could see, he was still fully soft, but the
already imposing bulge promised a challenge, nevertheless. He stepped
forward and stood in front of me, a wall of green flesh punctuated with
black cloth filling my vision.

As I breathed in, my nostrils were once again filled with his
intoxicating scent. I couldn't help myself, and after a moment's
hesitation, I let my face fall forward toward the still-hidden orc
flesh. As I finally made physical contact with his briefs, the smell
drifting in waves off his body intensified tenfold. I drew a ragged
breath and felt my mouth water at the taste and scent. I opened my mouth
and let my tongue touch the cloth-covered orc cock. Instantly, my mouth
was alive with flavour. The taste was like his smell, but more refined.
I couldn't identify every flavour but notes of lavender and leather
danced across my tongue as I hungrily licked at his briefs.

Yet, this was only the promise of what was to come. My hands trembled as
I slowly began to lower his briefs, revealing more and more beautifully
green flesh to my greedy eyes. As the root of his cock came into view,
my breath caught in my throat. Above me, I heard Kronn laugh quietly at
my shock. Despite having just ravenously rubbed his bulge over my face,
I still hadn't managed to get a clear picture of his size.

Holding my breath, I pulled down his briefs and let the massive orc cock
fall out into the open. A long tube of green meat, thick as my forearm,
capped with a bulbous crown so dark green as to almost be black. I
reached out with my hand, lifting the comically oversized cock. What
initially struck me the most was the sheer weight, I could've made a
workout from this activity alone.

"Don't worry, I won't expect you to swallow it all," Kronn growled from
above me, sensing my trepidation. "But I'm looking forward to watching
you try."

For a long minute, I simply held his fat cock in my hand, staring at it
with unbelieving eyes. I'd had large partners before, but this was
simply unreal. Anxiety wasn't going to stop me from testing the waters,
however. I opened my mouth and slowly laid the tip of his cock against
my tongue. As soon as I touched it, I felt the massive orc member begin
to fill with blood. I ran my tongue over the soft tip of his cock,
eagerly lapping up the sweet liquid already dripping out. Once again,
the taste was like nothing else I had ever experienced. With every drop
that filled my mouth, my arousal heightened. I put my lips at the tip of
his cock and captured the slow stream of orc precum. It felt like
filling my mouth with syrup, a thick and viscous liquid as sweet as
sugar, but with heavily masculine undertones.

My fate was sealed the moment Kronn had laid his eyes on me, but by now
I didn't mind that at all. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and
tried to fit Kronn's massive cockhead into my mouth but realised quickly
that it was a doomed endeavour; he was simply too large for me to take.

As I pulled off his cock to breathe, I noticed there was one area I had
neglected to explore. I let go of his heavy cock, letting it fall onto
my face as I moved forward. I had to use both my hands to lift his
massive testicles, the folds of green skin surprisingly soft as I buried
my face against his balls. The combination of his fat cock resting
against my head and the heady scent invading my senses made me shiver in
arousal. My own member was once again painfully erect, but I ignored it
as I reverently worshipped the orc's bull balls.

Nothing could have prepared me for the onslaught of scent, taste and
touch that bombarded me. I let my tongue run over the soft skin covering
his nuts, trying to get every drop of sweat and musk that I could.

"Get in there," Kronn said and laid a hand on the back of my head,
slowly running his fingers through my hair as I explored his beautiful
manhood. "Worship my nuts, I've got a fat load coming for you." Once I
was sure that each and every part of his balls had been touched by my
burning tongue, I went back to the monumental task of pleasuring his now
erect cock.

Somehow, his member had grown even larger, towering over my face like a
carved pillar of green flesh. A steady stream of clear precum ran in
pulses from the tip, landing on my face and in my hair. I caught one of
the fat droplets on my tongue and eagerly swallowed down the sweet
liquid. As I ran my tongue up the shaft of his cock, I began to feel
more and more drunk. Maybe it was the drink I'd had earlier, or simply
the burning arousal wracking my body, but I wanted more. I reached the
tip of his cock and began to aggressively run my tongue across the soft
skin, eliciting a deep moan from the orc.

I was forced to use both my hands to stroke his enormous cock, my mouth
could barely fit the very tip of his engorged member. At this point, the
stream of precum had intensified even further, and I had to swallow
every few seconds to keep my mouth from overflowing. I noticed Kronn
breathing heavily above me, indicating he was close to orgasm.

"I hope you didn't eat a large dinner," He said, moaning deeply between
breaths. "I want you to swallow all you can."

I should have been warned by that, but I soldiered on without thinking
more of it. Surely, he was just making more of it than it could possibly
be. I was proven to be very wrong only seconds later. With a loud growl,
Kronn thrust forward and planted the tip of his cock right against my
open mouth just as a first shot of thick orc cum poured forth.
Instantly, my mouth was filled and I swallowed quickly, gulping down the
viscous liquid as fast as I could. Just as my mouth was empty, his cock
fired once again, and a new wave of hot seed entered my mouth. I barely
had time to register the flavour as I tried desperately to take it all
in. I managed to keep up for only a few seconds before streams of orc
seed began to leak out of my mouth and run down my body.

I began to feel more and more bloated as Kronn just kept coming into my
mouth. By now I had completely given up on taking it all, and simply
tried to swallow down what I could. It felt like drinking from a water
main, the sheer volume was unlike anything I'd ever imagined. For every
gulp of scalding hot cum I drank an equal amount shot over my face,
bathing my body in his essence.

I realised now that he had been entirely serious, I was glad I hadn't
eaten any dinner. As a minute passed and Kronn's monumental orgasm
subsided, I felt like I had eaten a full three course meal in one bite,
with an equally large amount splattered over my body and couch beneath
me.

"Not too bad for a first time," Kronn said as he breathed heavily. His
hand was still positioned on the back of my head, holding me against his
now slightly softer cock. "Try to get as much as you can." He said as I
sucked slowly on the tip of his cock, trying to coax out the last drops
of orc seed.

As the adrenaline faded from my body, I had the chance to taste his cum
properly. Much like everything else about him, the taste was simply
amazing. The same masculine notes but delivered with an intensity I'd
never imagined a man could produce. It consumed me as much as I consumed
it.

"You can stop now if you want," Kronn said and smiled down at me. I
hadn't even thought about the fact that I just kept licking his cock,
eager to taste yet more of him. "How do you feel?" He asked as I slowly
stood up, my legs still shaky.

"I... I don't know," I said, trying to make sense of what was going
through my mind and body. I felt so fucking *good*. I was completely
satisfied yet still I found myself hungering for more.

"Feels nice, doesn't it?" He asked, using his fingers to scoop up the
droplets of cum clinging to my body and feeding them into my mouth. "We
should get you cleaned up." He said and motioned for me to follow him.

"Sorry about the couch." I said as I followed him into his bathroom. He
waved his hand at me and approached the large shower in the middle of
the room. He opened the door to the shower cubicle and I stumbled after
him. "I feel so strange," I said, standing next to him while he turned
on the hot water. I felt good, but it was like a fog clouding my mind,
letting no higher thoughts shine through to the surface.

"I just made you swallow two and a half litres of orc cum," He said,
leaning down to rub his strong hands over my chest and stomach. I moaned
as he rubbed my sensitive skin, just the feeling of his body against
mine was electric. "This is how it feels afterward, just enjoy it."

"I thought you weren't going to..." I began, my sentence caught in my
throat as Kronn tweaked one of my nipples between his thick fingers.

"Bind you? No. It'll pass, but you're going to be pretty out of it for a
while," He said, turning me around to face him as the hot water cascaded
over us. Despite my concerns over what he'd done to me, it felt nice to
have his thick arms around me. The haze clouding my mind wasn't so bad,
I just couldn't quite *think*.

"You look so cute like this. Just relax and let me take care of you."
Kronn leaned down and kissed me quickly before grabbing a washcloth and
turning to the task of scrubbing his seed off my body. I relaxed into
his touch, letting him handle my body as he pleased.

For almost a full twenty minutes, I let Kronn rub down my body, touching
every single part of me. By the end, I was breathing heavily in lust as
the cum-induced haze wracked my body. His fingers kept touching every
one of my sensitive spots, just the slightest brush of his hands against
my erect cock nearly caused me to climax on the spot, but he wasn't
going to let me off that easily. I felt his fingers rub down my lower
back and suggestively cup my round ass, clearly the focus of his
interests.

Frustratingly, he stopped and turned off the shower. I looked at him
through heavy eyelids, wanting desperately for him to grant me release.
He stepped out of the shower and brought a large towel with which he
dried my body, all the while silently ignoring the way I looked at him.

"Come with me," He said and took my hand. I was led out of the bathroom
and across his apartment to his bedroom. This was exactly the outcome I
had been wanting to prevent, but now I could think of nothing else. The
irony wasn't at all lost on me. "Do you want this? It's entirely up to
you." He said, standing behind me, two large hands massaging my
shoulders. My answer was a foregone conclusion, there was no way for me
to even begin the process of saying no.

I nodded my consent and he gently pushed me onto the bed, motioning for
me to lie down in the middle on my stomach. He slowly followed me,
laying his massive body on top of my smaller frame.

"You'll never go back, you know that?" He whispered, his mouth right
beside my ear. I could feel the strong muscles of his chest and stomach
rub against my body, impressing upon me the gravity of what I had
surrendered to.

"I know," I answered back. My eyes were closed, trying to mentally
prepare myself. "Please go slowly." I said, my only request before I let
him take all control.

"I'll be as gentle as you want me to be, Andy," Kronn said, his hands
wandering down to rub slowly against the cleft of my ass. "I've been
looking forward to this." He said as he raised his body up and scooted
down to make me more accessible to him.

I heard wet one of his fingers with his saliva, and for a minute I felt
nothing. Then one of his fat digits was rubbing against my asshole and I
moaned out in pleasure. At first, he didn't even penetrate me. He simply
rubbed my tight opening from the outside, allowing me to get used to the
feeling. When he finally did allow one of his fingers to slip into me, I
winced at the stinging pain. One of Kronn's fingers was the size of a
smaller human member, adjusting to his size wasn't going to be easy.

Taking it slowly, he worked a single finger in and out of me until I was
loose and adjusted enough to shiver in pleasure at every stroke. He kept
one of his hands on my lower back, forcing me to stay still as he took
his time. It was torturous to wait for him as he expertly manipulated my
body, but he finally sped up his ministrations and added a second finger
to my hole. Once again, it took a while to get used to, but the orc gave
me plenty of time to adjust. After a few minutes of slowly stretching
me, Kronn removed his fingers and silently stared at my ass.

"You're close but let me try something else." He said, his voice low
with arousal. Quicker than I had anticipated, he grabbed my hips with
both hands and lifted my entire lower body upwards. Simultaneously, he
crashed his mouth onto my ass and stuck out his tongue.

"Oh, *god*..." I moaned out in shock and surprise as his tongue
penetrated my hole. His tusks pressed tight against my smooth skin while
he ravenously laved his tongue over my hole. It felt like I was being
fucked and kissed at the same time, the sensation was of an intensity
I'd seldom experienced earlier. On one particularly vicious thrust, I
felt my cock throb hard and I spilled my seed against the bed. I
squirmed against his grasp, but his strong hands held my hips in a vice
grip as he forced my body to orgasm. My hands clutched tightly against
the sheets as I drew a ragged breath and felt tears flow from my eyes.

"You taste so good, Andy," Kronn said as he briefly pulled away from my
hole. I felt thick strands of saliva drip from my hole, joining the
puddle of seed and precum dripping from my cock. He dove back in and I
cried out in excruciating pleasure as his enormous tongue stretched me
out. Every time he forced his tongue into me, he managed to press his
oral limb square against my prostate, causing my dick to jump in
pleasure.

Finally, he released my hips and I collapsed down onto the bed, mouth
open as the aftershock of the intense pleasure roiled my body.

"I fucking love seeing you like this," Kronn said as he once again laid
his body onto mine. "Just imagine how good you'll fell once you're
properly fucked out on my dick..." He punctuated his sentence by
slapping his hard cock against my ass. "I thought about making you ask
nicely for it," He said and lowered his mouth to my ear, letting the tip
of his tongue play against my skin. "But I won't withhold what you
need."

With a steady force, Kronn pressed the steely hard head of his
gargantuan cock against my ass and pressed forward. At first, I
whimpered and gritted my teeth as the orc member seemingly wouldn't fit
inside me, but Kronn was stronger than I was. With an audible 'pop', his
cock sank inside me. My mouth flew open in shock as my body had to
rapidly adjust to the enormous invasion.

"Shhh..." Kronn whispered in my ear, holding the tip of his manhood
perfectly still inside me. "It's okay, just get used to it."

"You're so big," I whimpered, tears forming in the corners of my eyes.
Nevertheless, I was determined to take it all. I closed my eyes and
focused on my breathing, and soon I felt the pain recede somewhat.
"Okay, you can go on..." I said and felt Kronn begin to push into me
again. It was easier this time but being stretched so wide was still a
painful ordeal. It took him twenty minutes of planting kisses on my neck
and slowly working his shaft inside me, but finally I felt his massive
balls resting against my ass.

"You feel amazing," Kronn said and lowered his mouth to mine. He kissed
me slowly, taking my mind off the throbbing ache from where our bodies
were joined. "Ready?" He asked softly after a few minutes, and I nodded.

In a gesture both tender and dominant, he wrapped his arms around my
body, holding me completely immobile against him. Breathing heavily, he
slowly began to pull his cock from my hole. Every ridge and vein felt
like a mountain passing through me, my body felt like a yawning chasm
waiting to be filled by him. It was still uncomfortable, but I was
grateful for the steady stream of thick precum pouring from his cock
into me. If nothing else, there was no friction as Kronn pulled his
member out to the tip, and then pushed inward again.

We both moaned in tandem as his cock pressed hard against my prostate,
sending a first tentative shiver of pleasure through my body. Even
though I was still in some pain, having Kronn's enormous body on top of
me with his massive cock slowly pressing into my hole felt *right*. I
couldn't fathom why I had avoided this so much.

For a long time, Kronn kept up the slow tempo, letting my body get used
to the feeling of his enormous orc cock rearranging my insides. With his
arms wrapped so tight around me, I was utterly helpless against his
strength. He could have pounded into me with full force and there would
have been nothing to stop him. When he finally did pick up the pace
somewhat, it was nothing but welcome. The pain was finally starting to
fade completely, replaced by an electric tingling all over my body every
time he hilted his cock inside me.

I groaned in pleasure as I felt the massive pair of orc balls slap
against my ass. My dick jumped in response, pressed tight against the
bed by the enormous weight on top of me. I knew it wouldn't take much of
this to force my climax once again, and Kronn seemed determined to have
me come as many times as possible.

"How long did you put this off?" He growled in my ear and pushed his
cock fully into me, making me yelp in surprise at the sudden roughness.
"How many nights did you spend in that club, being afraid to take the
plunge and submit?" I was about to answer but he cut me off by shoving
two of his fingers in my mouth. I obediently sucked on the two fat
digits, swirling my tongue around them. "It doesn't matter, anyways.
You're home now, you won't want anything else..." He bent down and ran
his tongue around my ear, biting down gently on the soft flesh.

"You won't have any trouble finding an orc to fill you. A cute little
human with this ass? You'll have big, muscled orcs lining up to fuck you
silly every night..." He shoved his cock in me more forcefully, once
again going even faster. "Until one binds you, then you'll live out your
days fixed to his cock," I moaned around his fingers, my head going
light with mounting pleasure as he fucked me harder and harder.

"You human boys are all the same. Scared at first, then you inevitably
end up bouncing on a fat orc dick, going dumb with the pleasure it gives
you." He held me tight to his body, giving me no quarter as he
repeatedly thrust his mammoth cock into my stretched-out ass. I opened
my mouth and let out a high-pitched whine as I felt his cock crush into
my prostate, once again forcing an orgasm from my body. I shook in
pleasure, white spots filling my vision as I shot my load against the
bed. I could barely hear what he was saying to me, I was focused on
nothing but Kronn's enormous body dominating me. I could feel the space
between our bodies grow slick with his sweat, every drop filling the
room with his virile musk.

"This is why orcs love to take humans. Just sweet talk you for a bit and
you give up everything to take us!" He groaned loudly above me and then
removed his cock from my hole. "I want to see you while I fuck you." He
said and flipped me over onto my back. I opened my eyes and looked up at
his face as he repositioned us. His eyes were wild with lust, like there
was a fire burning behind his retinas. He grinned down at me, looking
more like a feral beast than a thinking individual as he jammed his cock
back into my hole.

This time, he didn't go straight to pounding into me, but held his cock
inside me for a while, staring down into my eyes. He slowly lowered his
face to mine and our lips met. He kissed me slowly, letting one of his
hands caress my cheek.

"Ready for some more?" He said, his demeanour softer once again.

"Please, Kronn..." I said, breathing heavily in need. I had to have him
back on top of me, at this point I wanted nothing but for him to take me
as hard as he pleased. He obliged my request immediately, exhaling
heavily as he plunged his cock into me once again. His eyes were locked
onto mine, observing every feature of my flushed face as he repeatedly
skewered me on his manhood.

With every thrust inward, I felt droplets of sweat fling from his body
onto mine, utterly covering me in his scent. He smiled wickedly down at
me as he watched me squirm under his body. Steadying himself with his
hands on either side of my head, Kronn lowered himself down onto me once
again, mashing my face into the valley between his pectorals.

In this position, I was forced to breathe in his raw musk while my legs
wrapped around his waist gave him unfettered access to take me as he
wanted. Kronn didn't wait to take advantage of this, and immediately
resumed his crushing pace from earlier. With every movement of his
massive body, my face rubbed against his sweaty skin. I couldn't open my
mouth without drops of his musk falling onto my tongue, further
assaulting my senses.

I felt my mind gradually grow heavier, further clouding with the
onslaught of sensations combined with the enormous load of orc seed
already in me from before. I could do nothing but hang on for dear life
as Kronn seemingly worked to pulverize every bone in my body.

My perception of time was distorted, and so I couldn't tell for how long
Kronn fucked me in that position. All I knew was that I came at least
twice before I felt his muscles tense up above me, indicating he was
near climax.

"Get ready, Andy," He groaned, thrusting his fat cock in and out of me
with long strokes. "You'll have to take it all this time, no getting
away."

I didn't question him, he was obviously determined to fill me up with
his seed once again. Exactly how his load was even going to fit inside
my body wasn't something I considered, I was about to find that out soon
enough.

I breathed in sharply as Kronn hilted his cock in me fully, the head of
his gargantuan pole seemingly lodged in my stomach. He groaned deeply
and locked his arms around my body, holding me still beneath him as I
felt his cock stiffen and a torrent of heat spread inside me. I moaned
at the unfamiliar sensation as Kronn ground his hips against me,
pressing his manhood as far into me as possible. With every second that
passed, I felt more and more waves of thick orc cum fill my insides. It
didn't take long for my body to feel bloated and heavy, but the orc's
orgasm seemingly never ended, he simply clutched me tighter as rivers of
seed poured into me.

With my face held tight against his chest, any protests I might have
made were muffled. Despite the uneasy feeling of being filled beyond
what I should have been able to comfortably take, the heat spreading
inside me was wonderful.

As Kronn finally relented and his monumental climax ebbed away, I felt
like I had stuffed with a fire hose. I lay perfectly motionless, yet I
could still feel the litres of orc cum sloshing around inside me. Even
as he breathed out in relief, small spurts of cum still erupted from his
cock, adding to the massive volume inside me. He lifted himself up,
freeing my body from his grasp. I blinked at the light from above us,
dazed by the ordeal he had put me through.

"Damn, I filled you up good, didn't I?" He said and laid a hand against
my stomach. I looked down at my body, witnessing for myself the
prominent bulge in my stomach he had just created. It looked like I had
consumed a large chicken without chewing it, except for the fact that it
was all liquid. With my eyes wide in shock, I laid my hands against the
stretched skin, trying to get a sense of what had just happened. "Don't
worry," He said, noticing the light of distress in my eyes. "It'll go
down eventually, but you won't need to eat for a few hours." He laughed
softly, laying his fingers under my chin and angling my head up to look
at him.

"Good time?" He asked, gently stroking my swollen belly with his large
hand.

"Yeah," I said, satisfied but still shaken by the situation.

"Let's get more comfortable," Kronn said and rose from his position over
me. I groaned as he pulled his cock from my stretched hole, a large
spurt of white cum following it. He pushed me over onto my side and laid
down behind me. "Won't want any of it to get out." He said as he pushed
his cock against my ass and slipped back into me.

He pulled me against his body and I rested my head against his extended
arm, welcoming his embrace. We lay in silence for a while, I was still
trying to process parts of what had happened. I felt more stuffed than I
had ever done before, but there was a contentment to it as well. Despite
the slightly uncomfortable fullness, it didn't feel at all wrong to have
his enormous load resting inside me.

"Mind if I stay the night?" I asked, rubbing one hand against my sore
belly. I was in no state to walk anywhere, even if my apartment wasn't
that far.

"You're not going anywhere tonight," Kronn said and pulled me closer
toward him. His tone was somewhat ominous, but I didn't really mind
that. "I'd go for a second round, but you'll need some practice before
that." I was torn on whether I wanted him to try it anyway or be content
that he was giving me the time to rest, but I ended up with the latter
option. As much as I would want him on top of me again, I was in no
state to take another minute of his fury. Eventually, I felt my
consciousness start to fade, lulled to sleep by his rhythmic heartbeat
against my back.

*Why the hell didn't I do this sooner?* I thought to myself and closed
my eyes.
