Conquest

Pt.

*The "human meets orc in bar" storyline never gets old, does it? At
least not to me. This time we're introducing "Club Tropique", a
members-only establishment where anything goes, and everyone goes home
satisfied, though not with who they originally had in mind.*

*Story outline;*

1.  *Human lives normal life with orc stepdad, but fosters secret
    attraction toward orcs*

2.  *Human turns 18, discovers that his stepdad has desired him for over
    two years*

3.  *Orc binds human and makes him his*

"Dad, I'm home!" I called out as I closed the door behind me. I stamped
my feet against the hallway mat, shaking the last patches of snow from
my boots. I listened for a reply, but none came. *He must be busy with
something*, I thought and shrugged off my coat, hanging it by the door.
It was far from unusual for dad not to notice my arrival, he worked from
home and frequently sat with headphones on in his office. I didn't think
more of it and wandered off to my room, I wanted to get my homework done
before I could spend my time on something more enjoyable.

About an hour after I'd come home, I was sitting with pen in hand at my
desk, when I heard a knock on the door.

"Come in," I said, leaning back in my chair and looking toward the door.
As it opened, the large form of my dad filled the doorframe. He was
actually my stepfather, but I'd always known him as my dad. My mother
passed away years ago and I'd lived with him since.

Then again, it wasn't like anyone would get the idea that we were
related by blood. I'd inherited my mother's looks, with pale, freckled
skin and a lanky build that didn't lend itself well to sports. My
stepdad on the other hand, stood tall, with a broader frame than a
professional rugby player. As if that wasn't difference enough, the deep
green orcish skin and tusks sealed the deal.

According to the stories I'd heard, my mother had gotten pregnant at 19
and met Thadd, my stepfather, shortly afterward.

"Hey Danny," Dad said, leaning against the doorframe. "How was your
day?"

"Just fine," I replied, flipping absentmindedly through my notebook.
"It's the end of the school year, so we don't have a lot to do."

"Plenty of time for you to misbehave then?" He said and smiled at me. We
both laughed, and I expected that to be the end of our conversation
until later, but it appeared he had follow-up questions. "While I'm
here, do you want to do anything special for your birthday? You're
turning 18 in two weeks and I figure you'd want to decide." I furrowed
my brow, trying to think of what to answer. I'd had plans to go out with
some friends, but with my birthday being so close to the holidays, most
of my friends were away visiting relatives or had plans of their own.

"I don't really have any ideas," I said, closing my books and putting
away my pen. "I guess we can just have dinner or something? Pretty much
everyone is away for the holidays so I probably won't be going out."

"Okay, let me know if you want anything special for dinner, otherwise
I'll make something I know you like." He rapped his knuckles against the
doorframe and left me to my studies. I leaned back in my desk chair,
trying to concentrate on my homework once again.

However, the spell was clearly broken and I couldn't get anything done.

*Hook-up appÂ­*

With shaky fingers, I scrolled through the list of men. There weren't
any revealing pictures, but several of the profiles made exciting
promises. As I looked through the veritable deli dish of male meat, my
phone buzzed and a notification popped up. *"New Message from Heavy35"*.

I clicked the notification and saw the profile of the man who'd sent me
a message. It was relatively barren, but a few info boxes were filled
in. *"Height: 2,5m. Weight: 120kg. Body hair: Shaven."* This all seemed
interesting in itself, but one in particular stood out. *"Species:
Orc."*

*Oh fuck*, I thought and immediately clicked into the conversation to
send a reply. It was a simple first message, simply reading *"Hey,
what's up tonight?"*. Not the most imaginative way to start a
conversation, but I wasn't about to let that stop me.

*"Hey. Nothing much, just chilling in bed ATM. You?"* I replied,
hesitating a moment before clicking send.

*"Same here. About to go bed soon. Looking for?"* Came the reply after a
minute.

*"Anything, really. Would be fun to meet someone ;)"*

*"Nice, got any pictures?"*

I hesitated for a moment, then opened the photos app and scrolled
through the list. I had taken a few photos of myself in a school
bathroom. They were relatively modest, but I'd been brave enough to show
a little skin. I figured since they didn't show my face, it wouldn't
lead to anything embarrassing. I sent two pictures of myself, almost
shaking with excitement.

*"Cute. I'd love to touch that..."*

Before I could reply and ask for a photo in return, two pictures popped
up in the conversation. *Holy shit, he's perfect*, I thought as my jaw
fell open. The username 'Heavy35' certainly was an apt description. A
vast expanse of deep green skin stretched taut over bulky muscles. The
orc wasn't wearing any underwear, but the photo cut off just below the
waist, leaving the rest to my imagination. One of the pictures showed
him from behind, giving me a view of a strong back, culminating in a
backside that looked like two enormous watermelons in a bag.

*"You like? ;) "* He wrote. I'd spent minutes just staring at the
pictures, entranced by the subject.

*"Very much, you look amazing"* I hastily wrote back.

*"I'm going to bed now, but we can talk tomorrow and maybe see if we can
find something to do together..."*

*"Sounds like a nice idea ;) "* I wrote back and put the phone away. I
felt like I'd taken a syringe full of adrenaline and injected it
straight into my heart. Ten minutes on a hook-up app, and I'd already
been propositioned by a man who fit every criterion I could possibly lay
out. Now I could only hope that it would work out well, never once had I
gone on a date, much less met someone for purely carnal reasons.

I lasted less than four minutes before I picked up my phone to look at
the two photos again. I studied the body in front of me in minute
detail. Despite how much the pictures aroused me, it felt strange to
study them so closely. I was no stranger to pornography, but knowing it
was addressed specifically to me made it somehow different.

That didn't stop me from jacking off to it. Twice.

I imagined the anonymous orc on top of me, slowly making love to my
virgin body. When I closed my eyes I saw his vast form tower over me,
two strong arms holding me to his musculature.

*Binding request*

"Your mother wouldn't let me bind her," Dad said, stroking my hair as I
lay on his chest. "I asked her, and she declined, saying it would change
her life too much. I don't think she understood that it hurt me, but I
respected her decision." He sighed, looking down at my smaller body
sprawled over his large form.

"You never told me any of this before." I said, meeting his eyes.

"I didn't think it was necessary, but maybe I should have told you more
about it before now," He said, his hand slowly rubbing circles across my
back. He hadn't looked at all sad before, but now there was a wistful
look in his eyes. "I still miss her, you know," I closed my eyes,
thinking back at the little I could remember of my mother. "You remind
me of her in so many ways. Some days, when I hear you come in the door,
I still think it's her for a few minutes."

"Is that why..." I began but my voice trailed off, not sure of how to
complete the sentence.

"Why I want you close to me?" He said, looking down into my eyes. "Of
course not, Danny. I could forget all about Monica and I'd still love
you just as much." I laid my head down on his broad chest, listening to
the sound of his heartbeat.
