Family Affair

Synopsis; After the loss of his parents in a car accident, Joseph (Joey)
is adopted by an Orcish family and must learn to navigate the unfamiliar
situations that arise.

Characters;

Joseph "Joey" Ga'Darmug (n√©e Joseph Wellford) -- Human, 17 y/o, 1,7m,
slim build. Enjoys biking, fantasy RPGs. Believes himself to be straight
but discovers that he has feelings for men as well.

*Orcish last names are generally patronymic. While Darmug is not
Joseph's biological father, he decides at the end of chapter 2 to accept
his new dad's name. I.E: Darmug Ga'Kronn translates to Darmug, son of
Kronn. An orcish woman takes the prefix Da, creating the surname
Da'Kronn instead.*

*While less common, some cultures use Matronymic last names, and some
have adopted the custom of human Western family names.*

Darmug Ga'Kronn -- Orc, 43 y/o, 2,3m, muscle with prominent gut.
Joseph's adoptive dad. Works as an accountant at a major bank. While
adhering to the Orcish credo of valuing physical strength, he's a
bookish man who places great importance on academic achievement. Because
of this, he is sometimes at odds with his two biological sons who want
to spend more time at the gym than in school.

Despite the many differences between them, he's the first one to truly
bond with Joseph because of their shared interests.

He initially disapproves of the attraction developing between his two
biological sons and his adoptive son, but learns to accept them with
time.

Madara Da'Gorbah -- Orc, 42 y/o, 2,2m, curved but muscular build.
Joseph's adoptive mum. Works at a local maternity clinic as a midwife.
Initially struggles with how to balance her instincts to protect Joseph
while not smothering him. Despite working with children, Madara has
little experience working with humans of Joseph's age and sometimes
treats him too much like a child.

When she finds out about what's going on between her two sons and
Joseph, she is quick to accept it as she realises that their happiness
is the most important aspect.

Mol Ga'Darmug -- Orc, 19 y/o, 2,3m, heavily muscular build (thick as
fucc). Joseph's older adoptive brother. Mol is a stereotypical Orc jock.
His interests include sports, the gym, more sports and other physical
activities (like the gym). Despite this, he's a product of his
upbringing and treats Joseph (Mol always says "Joey") with respect and
affection. From the beginning, Mol looks out for Joseph and saves him
from people who would harm him.

Urag Ga'Darmug -- Orc, 17 y/o, 2,25m, similar build to Mol but very
slightly slimmer. Joseph's same-age adoptive brother. Urag follows in
the footsteps of his brother, and likewise treats Joseph (Urag always
says "Joey") with gentle affection.

While he at first is annoyed that he has to share a room with Joseph, he
soon embraces it when he notices the longing gazes that the smaller
human casts at him. The second night that they spend in the same room,
Urag comforts his adoptive brother and the two fall asleep in the same
bed, something they never stop doing.

Sex scenes;

1 -- Nonsexual: Joey falls asleep in Urag's embrace.

2 -- Nonsexual: Urag demands that Joey continue sleeping with him, under
the guise of keeping him safe, in fact wanting to get the human
comfortable with his body.

3 -- Urag invites Joey to work out with him. Joey later blows Urag and
acquires a taste for Orcs.

4 -- The night after working out together Urag makes Joey blow him again
and the smaller human falls asleep with his stomach full of Orc cum.

5 -- Mol suspects that something is going on between Urag and Joey, and
corners Joey after school. Joey ends up on his knees with his face in
between Mol's sweaty ass cheeks, while Mol makes the human promise to
save his cherry for his older bro.

6 -- The parents are away on a trip over the weekend and Mol wastes no
time in claiming ownership of Joey. Much to Mol's delight, Urag
discovers the two just as Mol shoves the last inch of his dick inside
Joey, and Urag is forced to watch as his older brother makes love to
Joey.

7 -- Mol, feeling sorry for Urag, lets his younger brother have 2^nd^ go
at Joey, while he uses the smaller humans face as a seat for his massive
backside.

8 -

Chapter Outline & Story Synopsis

Ch.1 - Joseph is placed in foster care after the death of his parents.
While traumatised from the accident, he is comforted by the help of his
new foster family and begins growing close to them.

In particular, he forms a bond with his foster dad, Darmug, with whom he
shares a number of interests. Initially he is reluctant to share a room
with his foster brother Urag, but tolerates it. However, he grows close
to his adoptive brother.

Ch.2 - Joey's journey in adjusting to his new life continues, and he
needs to confront the uncomfortable reality that he is attracted to both
Urag and Mol. After accidentally betraying his feelings when working out
with Urag, he is relieved to discover that Urag doesn't mind, but
surprised when his Orc brother makes very explicit advances on him.

Unable to say no, the two make out and suck off each other in the empty
locker room. Joey realises that he is not only attracted to his foster
brother, but to Orc men in general.

Ch.3 - Mol, wisening up to the activities that his little brother and
Joey are engaging in, wants in on the action. His foster brother,
already loosened up to the idea of being dominated and topped, goes
along. After more than an hour of forcing the smaller human to eat him
out, Mol makes him promise to save himself for his older foster
brother.\
Later that week, the parents are going away for a few days, and Mol
wants to use that time to consummate his relationship with Joey. Not
only to gain and outlet of his own, but to put Urag in place for having
usurped his prerogative as older brother.

With the house to themselves, Mol makes love to Joey while Urag is
forced to watch.

Ch.4 - Having established his dominance as the eldest, Mol is more than
happy to let his little brother have 2nd go at Joey's ass, setting up a
dynamic that is to repeat itself.

The weekend is filled with lustful activities, but it cannot last
forever. In a combination of bad luck and a lack of planning, Darmug
sees his eldest son make out with their foster child while groping his
smaller body. The head of the family is understandably not happy, which
causes a conflict. Only due to the intervention of Madara do the two not
come to blows.

Ch.5 -
