New Beginnings

Chapter 3.

Added into Old Soul Ch.2

\-

"I was hoping you'd call," A deep voice came from the other end of the
line. "I thought I'd take the initiative myself but I didn't want to
push my luck."

"I would have said yes regardless, you had me at 'Hello'." Joseph smiled

\-

Joseph arrived to the café just after Mol. Through a window, he saw the
Orc wait for him inside. As he walked inside, he saw the Orc's nervous
expression turn to a smile.

"Hey," Joseph said, smiling back at Mol.

"Hey yourself." Mol replied, stepping toward Joseph with his arms
outstretched. Just in time, he caught himself. "Oh, sorry. May I?"

"You may," Joseph smiled and walked forward to embrace the Orc. He
wasn't quite sure what to feel yet, but feeling Mol's arms encircle him
felt nice. That much he couldn't deny.

"I got us the table over in the corner by the bookshelf." Mol said. "Go
take a seat and I'll order for us, what do you want?"

"I don't know, what's good here?" Joseph asked. Mol spun them both
around to face the menu above the counter.

"They have all sorts." Mol said. He still kept his arms around Joseph
and had leaned down so their heads were closer. "If you want something
sweet, they can do hot chocolate or sundaes. There's coffee of course. I
quite like the lemonade here." Joseph didn't answer, torn between
reading the menu and zoning out against Mol hugging him from behind. "Or
I could just surprise you?" Mol suggested, smiling as Joseph realised
he'd stayed silent.

"That sounds like a good idea," Joseph replied, reluctantly extracting
himself from Mol's arms and walking over to the far end of the café
where Mol had already left his jacket.

It was easy for Joseph to see why Mol had suggested this café in
particular. Beside being warm and welcoming, it was spacious and very
obviously furnished to accommodate guests of varying height and size.
Even still, Joseph found himself with his feet not quite touching the
ground.

From afar, he observed as Mol ordered for them. While not at all
unpleasant, it was all new to him. Sure, he was friends with Orcs, but
he had never been more involved with one. He'd always dated other
Humans, but now those familiar roles felt upended and reversed. Spending
so much time with Madara, he was used to being around someone much
taller than him, but she was only ever a friend. And for that matter,
Madara was uncommonly not clingy for an Orc, while Mol appeared to be
the exact opposite.

Lost in thought, he was startled back to reality when Mol sat down
beside him with two large glasses. They were identical, both filled with
frothy green liquid, crowned with a cloud of whipped cream and thick
clumps of chocolate.

"Guess what it is!" Mol said, excitedly shoving one glass in front of
Joseph who was only just coming to terms with the enormity of the drink.
Apparently not only the furniture here was slightly over dimensioned.

"Mint chocolate chip?" Joseph tried, having to grasp the glass with both
hands to lift it.

"Close." Mol said, taking a big gulp from his glass. "*Matcha* mint
chocolate chip." He smiled at the Human taking a sip of the liquid.

"You have a sweet tooth?" Joseph said, scooping up one of the chocolate
bits and chewing it slowly.

"Maybe a bit," Mol laughed and patted his slight gut.

"Well, I like it a lot,"

"The milkshake or this bad boy?" Mol grinned and once again gestured to
his belly.

"Maybe both?" Joseph laughed. He'd felt anxious before, but Mol's upbeat
nature quickly melted any tension away. Soon, he felt the Orc lay a big
arm around him and bring him closer.

"You comfortable?" Mol asked and smiled as the Human nodded. "I'm glad
you wanted to meet. I had a great time and I really didn't want it to
end."

"Same, I
