New Beginnings

Chapter 1.

*Tuesday.*

"I'm sorry you're the one that has to field all my questions."

"Don't be. It's better to ask too many questions than to be prejudiced."

Warm sunlight filtered into the crowded room from the skylights above.
Lunchtime was coming to a close, and most were preparing to go back to
work. Joseph took a sip of his water and looked across the table at his
conversation partner.

"I know, but I can't help feel a bit anxious about it. I don't want to
sound so ignorant all the time," He said. "Speaking of, how come you
never ask me any questions? Not saying you have to, just curious."

"Because Humans are obvious." Joseph raised an eyebrow but didn't reply.
"Well, at least you and everyone else around here certainly are." Joseph
tried to formulate a response but was cut off. "I'm only joking a bit,
buddy. *You* are quite obvious sometimes, but I think the real reason I
don't ask as many questions is because I'm better at reading people than
you are."

Madara looked across the table at Joseph, smiling as her friend digested
what she'd said. By all accounts they were unlikely friends, having very
little in common aside from working together.

"You done?" Madara asked, standing up beside Joseph. He nodded and
collected his things, but before he could stand up Madara had taken his
lunch tray in addition to her own.

"I can carry that myself, thank you." He said, having to crane his neck
to look up at his much taller friend.

"Don't want you to get trampled." Madara said and smiled down at Joseph.
Maybe she was right in that he was bad at reading people, he could never
completely grasp the emotions and intentions in her smile. The tusks
certainly didn't help him.

Joseph did concede that she had a point, the crowd of people all
returning their used dishes at once was quite intimidating. Their place
of work was relatively equal, but this particular Tuesday the lunch room
seemed to contain many more Orcs than Humans. Not that Joseph was afraid
in any way, but he could see the point that being shoved around by a
crowd of people far taller than him sounded quite unpleasant.

"By the way, did you have a chance to check out the two links I sent you
earlier?" Joseph asked as the two left the cafeteria on the way back to
their office. "I'm subscribed to one of those outdoor lifestyle
newsletters and that gave me the idea. The prices are reasonable enough
and I've got no other plans for the weekend." Joseph and Madara both had
a long weekend coming up, and he'd seen a 50% discount on time at a
paintball range. Combined with renting a small house nearby, it added up
to a full weekend.

"I did see it," Madara said as they stepped into the elevator. "And it
sounds like a fun plan. Actually, I've a friend I'd like to invite along
if I may." Joseph looked suspicious for a moment, but Madara's other
friends were usually nice, so he nodded. "You'd like him, I promise."

"What's his name?" Joseph asked as they arrived back at their floor.
"Also as much as I trust your taste in friends we'll be stuck in a cabin
for two days so I'd rather you didn't bring a serial killer."

"His name's Mol," Madara said. "He works for the refrigeration company
two floors down, we met back when they moved in."

"Are you going to try to hook me up with someone again?" Joseph said.
More times than he could count, Madara had tried to wingman him into a
relationship, it had never ended well.

"Yes, but not this time. My intentions are pure." Madara said while
holding a door open for Joseph, the Human rolling his eyes at the
answer. "I promise you'll be friends, he's really nice. I'll tell him to
pack a plaid shirt and he can chop wood for the fireplace."

"Is he... you know?" Joseph asked, stopping short of saying it all as
they passed a group of people.

"Gay?" Madara looked to Joseph who nodded. "Yes, but that's not relevant
in this case." She earned a scoff from Joseph.

"You *are* trying to hook me up with someone again."

"I'm really not." Madara sighed. "I just think you'll enjoy the company.
Also, I think he's good at paintball, so I'm just stacking the deck for
my own benefit."

"You two are going to gang up on me?" As much as he was looking forward
to the weekend, he wasn't sure of his chances in a two-on-one game.

"You're so adamant that I can't add people to your team, not sure what
you're whining about."

"Love isn't a team sport."

"Depends who you're asking, I think. Besides, you're a smaller target.
Be quick and you can outplay the both of us in no time." Madara laughed
and nudged Joseph's shoulder. "Not to mention I bet paintball rifles are
made for smaller fingers."

"That's what you're going to blame when I defeat you?" Joseph allowed
himself to gloat, knowing Madara would take the challenge. She always
did.

"When *I* defeat *you*, you're going to acknowledge that I'm not only a
superior marksman," Joseph cocked an eyebrow, waiting to hear what else
he'd have to accept if he lost. "You'll also have to accept that I'm an
excellent wingman who's struggling against your illogical unwillingness
to get laid."

"I thought you inviting your friend along had nothing to do with me
getting laid?" Joseph stood his ground. Even if he lost their paintball
game, he would never admit defeat against Madara. She'd be too
insufferable if he did.

"You're right, it doesn't. Which should have you thinking about what
else I have in store for you." She replied, leaving him wondering as she
wandered off toward her desk.

The rest of the day passed quickly, and soon Joseph was on his way home.
As he pulled into the underground garage of his apartment building, he
got a text from Madara confirming that her friend was joining them for
the weekend. He sent a thumbs-up emoji in response and made a mental
note to confirm the bookings once he was at his computer.

*Friday.*

Arriving at the paintball range, Joseph looked at his watch. *I'm
early*, he thought, leaning back against the seat in his car. For the
next twenty minutes, he sat back listening to the radio while waiting
for Madara to show up. Had it been earlier in the year, he might've
waited outside, but autumn had arrived early and the September air
didn't carry quite the same warmth anymore.

Right on time, a black SUV pulled out. Joseph waved at Madara as he left
his car and made his way over.

"Hey there!" Joseph said, quickly embracing Madara as the two met.

"You ready to get your butt kicked?" She said, smiling down at her
friend.

"I could say the same, but I'll save it for when your friend gets here."
Joseph replied, leaning against the hood of Madara's car.

"He'll be here soon, there was traffic."

Joseph was about to reply but was interrupted by the sound of a car
approaching. An SUV nearly identical to Madara's pulled up alongside
them. In short order, a red-haired Orc who Joseph assumed to be Mol
opened the door and stepped out.

"Hello!" Mol said as he walked over to the two. Madara only gave a lazy
wave in response.

"Hi, I'm-" Joseph's greeting was caught in his throat as Mol quickly
laid his arms around Joseph, bringing the smaller man in for a hug. "I'm
Joseph." He barely squeaked out the last part, looking up to meet Mol's
face grinning down at him.

"Mol, let the Human go." Madara said, patting Mol's shoulder.

"Oh, sorry." The big Orc said, releasing Joseph. "Nice to meet you!"

"Likewise," Joseph said. Out of the corner of his eye he could see
Madara shake her head. "Wanna go inside?"

"Yes, let's," Madara replied and nudged Mol, who was still smiling down
at Joseph, toward the building. "C'mon dude I need you to focus here,
we're doomed to lose like this."

Joseph looked down as they walked, all too aware that Mol was still
looking straight at him.

"We?" Mol asked as they entered the paintball range. "Who's on the other
team?"

"He is," Madara said, pointing at Joseph.

"We can't do that, can we?" Mol replied, crossing his arms. "Two against
one isn't fair on Joseph."

"I'll be fine, I used to do target practice with my cousins every
summer," Joseph said, waiting for the receptionist to notice their
arrival.

"Yeah but still, it doesn't seem right to me,"

"He says he's fine with it, what's there to argue about?" Madara tilted
her head.

"Principle for one, also I don't want to, you know..." Mol got quiet,
not wanting to say the last part out loud.

"You don't want to shoot at a Human?" Madara asked, Mol quickly nodded
when he saw that Joseph was busy talking to the staff. "We're at a
paintball range, you big lug. If Joseph wasn't fine with the idea of
getting paint pellets fired at him he wouldn't have suggested this in
the first place!" Mol didn't want to meet Madara's eyes, focusing on
straightening out a stray hair that had landed on his face. "He's not
going to think you're scary if you play against him in a friendly game,"

"You don't think so?"

"You kind of assaulted him in the parking lot and I don't see him
walking away yet, so simmer down and you'll be fine. I swear you'll die
early from worrying so much." Madara rolled her eyes, trying not to let
the neurotic nature of her friend get to her too much.

"We ready?" Joseph interrupted as he finished with the receptionist.
"They'll need you to sign some stuff and then we can play."

Once all the paperwork was in order a staff member led them to pick out
helmets and a rifle of the appropriate size. To Madara's frustration
she'd been right about the rifles; they all were slightly too small.

"If they made the gun any bigger it would actually hurt to get shot
with," Joseph said, smiling as he helped Mol put on his helmet. The
Orc's bigger hands made the Velcro straps a challenge.

"You can make a big gun that shoots small ammunition," Madara replied,
pacing the room. "I bet you anything that the technology exists out
there."

"You still have an advantage in numbers."

"Can we make a rule that we're allowed to tackle you since we can barely
fire these things?" Madara said, looming over Joseph.

"I'm not letting you do that," Mol said, laying a hand on Joseph's
shoulder. "You'd break him in half!"

"I think she was joking," Joseph said. Madara just sighed and walked off
toward the women's locker room. Joseph and Mol were left alone, Mol
still holding onto his new friend like he thought Madara would charge at
any second.

"You sure you're OK to play alone?" Mol asked, looking down at Joseph.
"We can swap places if you want to."

"Don't worry about me, I'm good at dodging things. Besides, I'm a
smaller target." Joseph said, gathering his phone and wallet to store
away for the game.

"Hurry up boys, we're wasting time and my trigger finger is twitching,"
Madara said, calling out to Mol and Joseph from outside.

With their belongings stored away, a staff member escorted them to their
respective starting positions at the outdoor range. From where he was
standing, Joseph could only just make out two figures across the densely
wooded area. Judging by the distance and the objects in front of them,
he wondered whether Mol and Madara were able to see him. They were two
against one, sure, but that afforded him the opportunity to slip away
unseen.

"You've got balls taking on those two on your own." The woman who had
led Joseph out to the range said.

"One of them has terrible aim, I'm less worried about her than I am
about him," Joseph said. Earlier in the week, he'd watched Madara try to
flip a paper cup into a trash bin, growing more and more frustrated when
she missed. Joseph suspected she needed glasses, but he wasn't about to
mention that until after the game.

Mol, on the other hand, was a wildcard to Joseph. They hadn't exchanged
many words, but it wasn't difficult to tell that Mol had misgivings with
the team setup. Joseph couldn't tell whether that was just a feeling of
unfairness, or if it ran counter to some protective attitude Mol had.
Joseph was about to find out whether Mol would put that aside or not.

"Ready to go?"

Joseph nodded to the range employee who walked back inside. Soon, a loud
bell rang and the game begun.

"Move it!" Joseph heard Madara's voice shout over the sound of branches
breaking. Ever the fighter, her tactic seemed to be to charge Joseph's
position, pushing Mol in front of her like a green-skinned wrecking
ball.

Joseph wasn't about to be caught out so easy, though. The play area was
covered in trees, bushes and thorns. To an Orc they were an inconvenient
obstacle, but a Human could hide behind them. Moving as fast as he
dared, Joseph began a large circle around the field. He took care not to
step on any twigs or piles of leaves. Madara might have bad aim, but
Orcs had excellent hearing, and giving away his position would rob him
of his biggest advantage.

Minutes later, Joseph had made his way to Mol and Madara's starting
position. From his new vantage point, he could vaguely make out his two
opponents stalking the area where he had been just a short while ago.

"Oh Joey, stop being a coward and make a move!" Joseph snickered at
hearing the aggravation in Madara's voice. She didn't like to be kept
waiting, and particularly didn't enjoy being teased. Joseph had her
exactly where he wanted her.

The dense greenery in between them made for an awkward angle, but Joseph
was reasonably certain of his own aim. Straddling a fallen tree trunk,
he took aim at a large oak tree close to where Mol and Madara were
standing. He wouldn't be able to hit them on either the chest or their
helmet, making an elimination at this distance impossible, but maybe he
could lure them closer.

Initially, Joseph thought that his trick had worked perfectly. The
yellow paint splattered across the tree trunk and almost immediately his
two opponents moved closer to find where the shot had come from. At
least, that's what Joseph assumed. There were several obstacles that
partly obscured his sight, but he had nothing better to go on.

Inching closer to the middle of the field, Joseph stopped when he caught
sight of Madara stepping out into the open. She hadn't seen him, and was
busy trying to find the angle that his previous shot had come from.

He took aim, and fired.

Instantly, the visor on Madara's helmet was covered in yellow paint and
she fell backwards onto a bush, roaring in anger as she tried to get
back up. That evened the odds to a one-on-one competition.

Looking around carefully, Joseph crept backwards into the relative
safety of the denser vegetation. He had taken out one opponent, but he
didn't know where Mol was. Madara was predictably brash but Mol seemed
to be playing the same game as Joseph.

Several minutes passed and Joseph had seen no sign of Mol. Suddenly, the
woods didn't seem quite as safe as they had before. Some of the trees
were certainly large enough for an Orc to hide behind, and with every
participant wearing camouflage the leaves and brambles littering the
ground didn't provide much contrast.

Out of the corner of his eye, Joseph saw movement. In reflex, he snapped
around only to be hit squarely in the chest with a ball of purple
liquid.

Mol walked toward him, laughing as Joseph realised his loss.

"You're a good shot," Mol said, walking up to Joseph and shaking his
hand.

"Likewise," Joseph said, leaning his back against a tree. "But I'll need
a re-match, I want to see if I can get Madara again." Mol laughed and
laid an arm around Joseph's shoulders, leading them back toward the
middle of the field where Madara was pacing back and forth.

"Coward!" She pointed at Joseph, her helmet still spattered with paint,
even though she had done her best to wipe it off.

"What did you expect?" Joseph said, scratching at the spot where Mol had
marked him. "There's two of you and one of me, it's a wonder I got a
single shot off before Mol snuck up on me."

Madara gave him a dirty look, but through the visor Joseph couldn't
determine if it meant '*oh yeah you'd like him to sneak up behind you*',
or if it was just a desire for revenge. Madara had sworn up and down she
wasn't trying to wingman Joseph again, but he could never be sure with
her.

A few minutes later, they were back at their original starting
positions. The second game played out much like the first one had,
ending in defeat for Joseph once again. By the fourth game however,
Joseph had gotten good at discerning the moment when Mol and Madara
separated, and he managed to get a shot in on Mol, leaving him alone
with Madara. True to form, she didn't manage to move quietly and Joseph
soon scored a win.

Joseph hadn't bothered to keep score, but at the end of their reserved
time he'd managed to win one game more than Mol and Madara.

"Well done, buddy," Madara said, clapping Joseph on the back. She could
get aggravated, but she was never a sore loser.

"You did amazing," Mol said, pulling Joseph in for a hug once they had
both gotten their helmets off. Joseph saw it coming this time, and he
wasn't quite as uncomfortable. Out of the corner of her eye, he saw
Madara roll her eyes, but she didn't tell Mol to stop this time. "Sorry,
you probably want to go shower and get changed." Mol said, releasing
Joseph.

"Don't apologise," Joseph said. He was beginning to enjoy Mol's company,
even if he wasn't used to the physicality of his friendship.

Wandering off to the changing rooms, they were initially accompanied by
the next party to use the paintball field, but they soon vacated,
leaving Mol and Joseph alone.

Not wanting to waste time, Joseph had quickly stripped down and thrown a
towel around his waist. He tried not to look too obviously at Mol who
was doing the same. Madara's wingmanship never worked, until it suddenly
did. Joseph couldn't deny that Mol was attractive. Whether that amounted
to anything substantive was another question, but why couldn't he enjoy
the view?

"Hey buddy? You hear me?" Joseph was thrown out of his daydream by Mol
waving his arm in front of him. He was standing in only his underwear
and Joseph wrenched his eyes upward to his face instead.

"Sorry, what?" Joseph said, feeling like a student who'd gotten caught
cheating on a test.

"Could you help me with the lock? Please?" Mol smiled, gesturing at his
locker. It was clamped shut with a combination lock, and Joseph quickly
guessed that big fingers made it difficult to operate. Scrambling the
numbers hadn't been an issue, but opening it required a bit more
precision.

"Oh, sure thing," Joseph walked over to the locker, waiting for Mol to
tell him the combination.

"It should be five, two, seven," Mol said. He was standing right behind
Joseph, so close that their skin was almost touching. Joseph's hands
trembled as he input the combination. He felt Mol's body heat against
him, an enormous presence looming just behind him. Like a great tiger
waiting for the exact moment its prey was at its most vulnerable.

The lock opened with a click, and Joseph turned around. His entire field
of view was taken up by a vast expanse of dark green skin covered with
soft, red hairs. The tiger had him cornered.

"She said you were never interested, but I'm getting a different
impression," Mol said, leaning forward with one hand on the locker door,
trapping Joseph. Mol's friendly, affectionate demeanour was starting to
take on a different tinge altogether. "Am I wrong?"

A few seconds passed by with Mol and Joseph's eyes locked. Finally,
Joseph shook his head. "You're not wrong."

"Thought not," Mol said. He leaned forward slowly. Joseph's knees
wobbled as their lips touched.

Joseph felt like his head was about to explode. At that moment he
unravelled completely. Mol's lips against his were so soft, yet those
thick tusks that pressed into his skin reminded him that this was
uncharted territory. With every breath, his lungs were filled with the
masculine scent of the Orc in front of him. The heavy, large musk had
him lightheaded already. He didn't dare open his eyes. Adding another
sensory experience would overload him completely.

"You're cute, you know that?" Mol said, pulling back from the kiss. He
held a finger under Joseph's chin, angling his head up to his eyes.

"We shouldn't be doing this here," Joseph said, breathless. As overcome
as he was, they were still very much in a public place.

"Trying to get away already?" Mol replied, grinning at Joseph who looked
more flustered with every second. "You're right, though. And we have all
weekend in front of us." He leaned forward to plant a quick kiss on
Joseph's nose. "Go shower, I'm right behind you."

He walked in a haze, but Joseph managed to make it to the showers
without falling over. He entered one of the shower cubicles and drew the
curtain shut. As the water fell over him, his thoughts began to clear
somewhat. *What the fuck am I thinking*, he thought, leaning against the
shower wall. *We've barely met and he pulls this shit? And I'm going
along with it?*

He was just going along with it, but Joseph couldn't delude himself into
thinking he wasn't a willing participant. He could have said no, but he
didn't want to. Madara was never going to let him live this down if she
found out.

His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a shower curtain being
pulled open behind him.

"Room for one more?"

Joseph took a deep breath and motioned for Mol to join him.
