The Wonder of You

Chapter 4.

"Well hello prince charming," Madara grinned as Joseph walked into the
break room. The Human didn't respond, walking over to the coffee
machine. "And only a few short days ago you '*didn't want to get hooked
up with someone'."* Madara laughed as she mocked Joseph's earlier tone.

"Shut it." Joseph said, failing to hide his smile behind a large mug of
black coffee.

"I hear you made quite an impression," Joseph looked up in surprise.
"What? He was my friend first; you think I haven't asked him?"

"What did he tell you?" Joseph asked.

"I'm not going to read his texts out loud, they're for my eyes only."
Madara took a sip of her coffee, delighting in how Joseph squirmed in
his seat. "Relax buddy, he had nothing but nice things to say."

"That's... good? I guess." Joseph said, relieved to know he wasn't about
to be dumped by proxy. Could you even be dumped by someone who you had
only seen twice?

"So to what degree has he worn you down?"

"I don't know what he told you..." Joseph began, not wanting to air out
every detail for the outside world.

"I already know you fucked, that was the first thing I asked," Madara
said, more than a bit louder than was polite. A few tables away two Orcs
looked on in a mix of second-hand embarrassment and amusement. Joseph,
meanwhile, sank down into his chair in an attempt to hide. "I'm happy
for you both, you go at it all you want. Though you've been single for
so long I'm surprised you knew how to operate that machinery."

"Do you really have to talk so loud?" Joseph begged, his cheeks on fire
in shame.

"Don't worry, if anyone tries to join in, I'll tear them to shreds."
Madara looked over at their spectators who now seemed busier with their
own conversation. "But I wasn't talking about sex, actually. You only
assumed I was, you little devil."

"Then what *were* you talking about?" Joseph asked, peering around the
room to see if anyone was still listening in. Luckily, Madara seemed to
have discouraged any more eavesdropping.

"Mol is a bit, how do I put it..." Madara paused for a moment. "I guess
the word 'needy' is the best I can do."

"What do you mean?"

"You've spent time with him, you know exactly what I mean." She stared
intently at Joseph. "He's always there, always got his arms around you,
probably carrying you around like a pet."

"So what, he's clingy?" Joseph said, sitting back up in his chair. "Just
because you hate it when others touch you doesn't mean I have to.
Besides, you're the one who tried to set us up."

"No, Joseph. I didn't." Madara shook her head. "I told you my intentions
were pure, I didn't think either of you would be interested."

"So what's the point of this? Are you just being spiteful or are you
actually trying to tell me something?" Joseph asked. Madara was
unreadable as usual.

"I'm not being spiteful, let me rephrase what I'm saying." Joseph
crossed his arms and waited for her to continue. "Mol is a total
sweetheart, he wouldn't hurt a fly. But sometimes he goes overboard with
being a sweetheart and ends up being a lot to deal with. I'm honestly
not trying to sabotage anything here, if you're happy I'm happy."

"I feel like you're not telling me something, Madara," Joseph began,
looking her in the eyes. "If all you're trying to tell me is that Mol is
a hopeless romantic, then so be it. So far I like him a lot. But if
you're expecting me to read between the lines..."

"I told you, I'm happy if you're happy. It's not very mysterious."
Madara put down her coffee.

"I hope so. All I'm saying is that I don't need you to dance around
saying something I might want to know because you're trying to spare
someone's feelings."

"His or yours?"

"I don't really care," Joseph said, eyes narrowed. "I'm just sceptical
that this is anything other than you assuming that everyone else is as
cold as you can be." Joseph reluctantly let the words hang in the air
for a moment, but Madara cut him off when he tried to speak again.

"Don't apologise, I deserved that." She said. Joseph looked at his
watch, his break was almost over. "I told you I'm not trying to sabotage
anything, that's not a lie. But if you'll take one piece of advice;
don't break his heart, please."

"That's what this is about?" Joseph said, his tone softer this time.
"You're afraid that your friend is going to get hurt?"

"Both of my friends, actually." Madara replied. Joseph sat quiet. A
moment earlier Madara was a sarcastic ice queen, the next she was being
remarkably sensitive. "By now you've gotten to know him a bit, so I bet
you know what I mean when I say that he can be vulnerable. He spends a
lot of energy trying to protect others, but he needs someone to lean on
sometimes as well."

"I can see that. I have no issue with any of that, have I put your mind
at ease?"

"I wasn't exactly worried that you were going to ruin things, Joey."
Madara stood up, taking Joseph's empty coffee cup with her to the
dishwasher.

"I hate it when you call me that," Joseph scowled, following along as
they left the cafeteria.

"That's why I do it, it fuels me." If Joseph could reach comfortably he
would have punched her shoulder. "Back to the topic at hand though; like
I said I'm not worried that you're going to screw stuff up too badly, I
have confidence in you. I'm just asking you to be careful."

"Don't worry, I will be," Joseph said. "Oh, before I forget about it;
are you still on for next Saturday at Hawley's?"

"Maybe," Madara said, opening her phone to check the calendar. "I've got
a bit of a thing happening the same day, so I might not make it..."

"A bit of a thing?" Joseph smirked. "You have a date, don't you?" One
look from Madara wiped the smile from his face, she knew how to look
fierce when she wanted to.

"I do," She replied. "I really don't want to miss out, though. It's not
every day they have all-you-can-drink *and* a good game on." Madara
looked through her messages, eventually closing her phone and grinning
down at Joseph. "I have an idea."

"Are you suggesting we...?"

"You show me yours, I'll show you mine," Madara said.

"You think Mol would go for it? It's going to be packed to the gills,
not exactly the stereotype of a date night."

"Will he go for it?" Madara scoffed. "Getting to sit with his arms
around you in a public venue? I'm not half as territorial as he is and
even I enjoy that idea."

"So, who are you planning on enjoying that idea with?" Joseph asked,
craning his neck to see Madara's phone where she was busy messaging
someone. Joseph hadn't particularly liked her last three conquests, and
since they never stuck around he assumed that neither had she.

"Her name's Angelica," Madara grumbled, angling her phone to show Joseph
a selfie of a blonde woman aboard a boat. "We met a few weeks ago at the
library."

"Did she run into you and drop all her books?" Joseph teased her. "And
then you heroically helped her pick them all up..."

"I'm warning you, short stuff."

"And then your eyes met and the air felt electric and-" Joseph was
interrupted by Madara smacking the back of his head. It didn't hurt but
he got the message. "She looks nice anyway." He finished, smiling as
Madara held the office door open for him.
