New Beginnings

Plot Outline.

*Synopsis:*

*Madara, friend of Joseph, introduces him to Mol under the pretence of
spending a weekend together. Joseph is initially against being set up
with someone but falls for Mol.*

*However, Madara is also looking out for Mol who's recovering from a bad
breakup.*

*The story serves as an introduction to a broader fantasy earth setting
and to codify Orcs in a distinct and unique way.*

Mol Ga'Kronn: 2.22m, light green skin, bright red hair. Large build,
muscular but with a slight stomach.

Mol is a warm and friendly person who (even more than other Orcs) wants
to protect and care for Humans in his life. Recently hurt badly by a
breakup, he himself is in need of someone to care for him as much as he
cares for them.

Madara Da'Garmud: 2m, dark green skin, long dark brown hair. Relatively
slight for an Orc.

Madara is described by Joseph as uncommonly not clingy for an Orc,
though her general lack of physical displays of affection doesn't
exclude her from viewing Humans (Joseph particularly) as people she
wants to care for.

Joseph Wellford: 1,78m, Mediterranean skin, shortly styled dark brown
hair. Average but toned build.

Joseph is openly gay, but for personal reasons hasn't engaged in
hook-ups or dating. Having resisted Madara's attempts to find someone
for him, he finds himself unable to get away when introduced to Mol.
Initially he rebuffs the Orc's advances, but changes his mind.

Chapter 1:

\[suggestive\]

Introducing Joseph, Madara and Mol. The three play paintball and Mol
corners Joseph in the locker room afterward. Cliff into cabin.

Chapter 2:

\[explicit\]

Madara, Mol and Joseph spend the weekend at a forest cabin. Madara
catches Mol and Joseph making out behind the cabin but she pretends to
not have seen anything.

Late at night, Mol sneaks into Joseph's bedroom and the two have sex.

Chapter 3:

\[suggestive\]

Mol and Joseph go on a proper date, and we discuss their feelings more
deeply. They fall asleep together but do not have sex.

Chapter 4:

\[explicit\]

Madara and Joseph discuss Joseph's new relationship and we are
introduced to Angelica, who will show up in future chapters.

Mol invites Joseph to dinner, and Mol's past breakup is explained.
Joseph initially fears that he's being used as a coping mechanism but
his worries fade after spending the evening together with Mol.

They spend the night together. Joseph has some experience but Mol knows
that with their size difference he needs time, and happily bottoms for
the Human.

Chapter 4:

\[explicit\]

Madara and Angelica show up to a double-date with Mol and Joseph at
Hawley's pub, a shabby bar with infrequent all-you-can-drink nights.
Joseph knows the bar manager and manages to get everyone in despite the
place being packed.

Madara and Angelica's relationship is explored further, explaining how
the two met because of a shared interest in poetry. We get to see a
softer side of Madara that she doesn't usually display.

Chapter 5:
