"Mind if I ask you a question?" Joseph said, looking up at Mol who
nodded back at him. "Actually it's more of an observation than a
question."

"Observe away," Mol smiled and rested his head against Joseph's.

"Madara is an outlier in this, but I've noticed you and other Orcs are
so much more physical than Humans are." Joseph began. "I quite like it,
I was just wondering if there was a specific reason for it. For example
my other friends don't usually hold hands or hug as much as you do."

"Well, I was taught to treat you guys gently. My mother always told me
that Humans would be intimidated otherwise, and I really don't want to
scare anyone." Joseph nodded. Mol sounded saddened by the thought that
he would be thought of as anything but friendly. "I guess it just makes
sense that if you're big and strong you need to also be nice?"

"I can see that," Joseph replied, tracing a vein down one of Mol's arms
with a finger.

"I think it comes naturally. It feels right to hold someone, and Humans
are the perfect size." Mol squeezed his arms around Joseph, the Human's
head just below his chin. "I like knowing that you feel safe and
comfortable, it's rewarding in itself to be trusted to protect someone."

"Of course, it's different with every person. One of my friends in High
School would fall asleep against me in the library." Mol laughed at the
memory and Joseph chuckled along with him. "One of my other friends only
wanted to hold hands sometimes, and that was just fine as well."

Joseph lay still, listening to the steady rhythm of Mol's heartbeat
against him. "Does that answer your question?"

"It does," Joseph said. "It feels nice, I guess I just wanted to hear
your thoughts." Joseph didn't say it out loud, but hearing Mol's deep
voice was soothing in itself.

"I'm happy to be of service," Mol said. Then, for a second, he
hesitated. "Would you mind if I try something?"

Joseph nodded, waiting to see what would happen. Mol leaned down, his
thumb rubbing a slow circle on the back of Joseph's head. For a split
second, the Human froze as Mol's face came closer, and eventually their
lips touched.

It was only brief at first, Mol pulling back a fraction to see how
Joseph reacted, but he quickly closed the distance again when he saw
Joseph's face light up in happiness.

\--

"Make yourself at home," Mol said, taking Joseph's coat and hanging it
by the door. "Living room is that way." He pointed down the short
hallway to a door on the right.

Joseph wandered slowly toward the door, stopping to look through the
bookshelves lining the walls. Mol was well read, more so than Joseph
could boast. The living room itself was richly decorated. A sofa filled
with cushions and a large quilt draped over it took centre stage,
opposite a brick fireplace. Above the mantle was a framed map of Mol's
neighbourhood. It looked old, like it had been drawn by hand by a city
planner. Or it was a good fake, Joseph couldn't tell.

On the other end of the room were three large windows facing the street.
The deep windowsills were filled with potted plants, and a collection of
small replica statues in one of them.

Joseph walked across the creaking hardwood floor to look out the window.
*I wish my apartment had this view*, he thought. From the window you
could make out the sea in the distance, and a carpet of city lights
leading the way there.

"Admiring the view?" Mol asked, coming up to stand behind Joseph.

"The view, and your home," Joseph said. "You have a beautiful place
here, I wish I had this much taste."

"Well, you're welcome to stay a while if you want," Mol said, leaning
down to put his head next to Joseph's. "I'm happy to have you."

Joseph turned around, letting Mol wrap his arms around him once again.
Mol smelled like a mix of charcoal and leather, a deeply masculine scent
that Joseph couldn't help but want to breathe in more of. "Come on,
let's sit down," Mol said and backed them toward the sofa. Sinking down
against the cushions, he beckoned Joseph to sit down in his lap. Joseph
happily obliged, wanting to get back to feeling the warmth from Mol's
body again.

"I hope you don't think I'm too much," Mol said. He'd reclined against
the armrest, pulling Joseph on top of him. "I just really like how it
feels to hold you."

"I don't think you're too much," Joseph said, tightening his arms around
Mol's thick neck. "It's perfect."

"I'm glad," Mol said. He angled his face down to kiss the top of
Joseph's head. "Madara went after me for assaulting you in the parking
lot when we first met. I guess I got a bit too excited."

"That did throw me off a bit," Joseph said, looking up at Mol who smiled
back at him.

"It feels so..." Mol said, pausing to find the right words. "I want to
wrap you up and keep you safe here." Mol turned them over, placing
Joseph in between himself and the sofa cushions. "I hope you like it, if
you'll let me I'll do it all the time."

"So far you're doing just fine by me," Joseph said. He craned his neck
up and pressed his lips against Mol's. Both of their eyes were closed as
they kissed. Mol tasted faintly of the sugary drink he'd had earlier,
his thick tongue filling Joseph's mouth. To Joseph, the thick tusks
pressing onto his face still felt foreign. He assumed Mol felt the same
about his lack of such a feature.

Mol growled into the kiss as Joseph ran both hands down his chest toward
his stomach. Joseph moaned in return as Mol pushed back against him.
Trapped between the couch back and a body much bigger than his own, he
had nowhere to go. Not that he wanted to. Mol was an excellent kisser
after all.

"You let those hands wander any more and I might start to get ideas..."
Mol said, tracing the contour's of Joseph's lips with his tongue. "You
look good enough to eat right about now."

"I thought you said I was safe here," Joseph said, shivering as Mol's
breath washed over him. Mol had moved one of his legs on top of
Joseph's, trapping him completely.

"Safe from everything except me," Mol said. He leaned down to lick
across the skin where Joseph's head connected to his neck, sharp tusks
digging into the soft flesh of his conquest. "Don't worry, I won't let
anyone else get to you. Just don't try anything..." Joseph breathed
heavily, held tight as Mol tasted him. In such close quarters the air
was filled with Mol's scent, like he was trying to mark Joseph as his
own.

"You enjoying yourself so far?" Mol asked, briefly returning to his
usual, softer voice. Joseph nodded his consent and saw the fire return
to Mol's eyes, only to have the short distance between them be closed as
Mol leaned in to kiss him again. "I want you out of these clothes," Mol
said, pulling back to let Joseph breathe. "I want to feel your skin."
