Orc Compendium

Notes on Orcs;

While most fantasy earth settings don't bother differentiating, Orcs are
not culturally homogeneous, much like humans. The customs portrayed are
exemplary of the Orcish heritage of the Free United States and differ
greatly from those living in the European Union, China or other parts of
the world.

While some regions have seen more conflict than others, most regions
have cultural similarities between humans and Orcs as a consequence of
centuries of coexistence in relative peace.

Some humans are more receptive than others to Orcs and find it natural
to assume a subservient role, whereas others do not. The opposite is
true of Orcs. This phenomenon is widely documented but is not well
understood scientifically, due in part to it being taboo for cultural
reasons in large parts of the world. In recent years it has been
discussed more publicly, and in more progressive terms it is treated as
another expression of sexuality. However, some cultures and religious
affiliations still wish to supress this, and actively deny the validity
of these studies.

Orcs exude pheromones which some humans are more receptive to than
others. Varying greatly on the psychological disposition of both the Orc
and human in question, the effects can manifest as arousal, a sense of
reassurance and safety, a wish to submit or dominate, etc. Studies of
this phenomenon are ongoing.

While Orcs and humans experience sexual attraction to one another, and
in most societies do so freely and without repression, the two species
cannot interbreed. An Orc male cannot successfully impregnate a human
female, and vice versa.\
*Editors note: This rule feels forced to me, but having the opposite be
true would effectively create a third species and muddy the waters
beyond what I intend for the story to portray. Suffice to say that
Orc/Human couples are happy to adopt.*

Orc males produce exponentially more sperm than their human
counterparts. This is both due to the general difference in size, but
also due to differences in reproductive anatomy. While considered
inappropriate in polite conversation, it is widely known that humans can
supplant much of their diet with Orc seed.

On average, a healthy Orc male will ejaculate ca. 1 litre of sperm per
orgasm, usually lasting for 20-30 seconds.

Related to earlier discussion on Orc pheromones, Orc sperm contains even
greater concentrations of the active substances that affect human
cognition and behaviour. In studies conducted on Orc/human couples,
human males and females reported feeling a greater dependence and
attachment to their Orc partner if consistently "fed". Less widely
understood is the possible withdrawal symptoms some may experience from
discontinuing regular ingestion, though research concludes that it is
not permanently damaging.

On Binding

As previously discussed, the pheromones exuded by orcs are more than
sufficient to cause behavioural changes in humans. However, some couples
desire a closer bond, and some cultures indeed demand it from Orc/human
couples.

For these purposes, a Binding will be performed.

While the history of the process dates back centuries (millennia, some
historians argue) the modern method has only been used for a few
decades. While previously the ceremony was performed with the aid of
specially grown herbs rich in the necessary psychoactive compounds,
modern science can synthesise these chemicals and eliminate much of the
risk that was inherent in consuming large amounts of the aforementioned
substances.

Pioneered by Dr. Windsong and his team in 1985, the current binding
method lead to a destigmatisation of the process (and indeed of
Orc/human couples in general), and a marked increase in both.

\-

Binding (the process of which is scientifically referred to as Pheromone
Amplification) is, in essence, an intentional chemical addiction. By
consuming the active substances natively found in some plants (notably
the European Common Heartroot and East African Thornvine) the
neurological pathways of the recipient is permanently made much more
susceptible to pheromones that they are currently experiencing. Because
the pheromones exuded by any given individual are unique (like a
fingerprint), the process is individual. To avoid cross-contamination
and/or intentional sabotage, binding ceremonies are almost universally
performed in private, unlike marriage.

\-

To many who are not familiar with the process, there may be a belief
that binding is a process whose only purpose is to alter humans into
subservience. This could not be further from the truth.

While it certainly is the case that many humans that go through the
process desire a subservient role, this is not a general rule.

It is also not true that the process only alters humans. Because both
parties are required to ingest the binding agent, Orcs are also bound to
their partner. Because of difference in physical size and the fact that
Orcs produce more potent pheromones than humans, the effect is lessened.
Nevertheless, it is not to be discounted.

\-

Initially it was feared among equal rights advocates that a resurgence
in binding ceremonies would lead to a marked increase in discriminatory
behaviour, however statistics are not clear that this is the case. It is
however believed that there may be a much larger number of illicit
binding ceremonies performed without government paperwork than there was
before the introduction of modern methods.

Public opinion on this is often split, as it is not immediately clear
what the harm to society may be.

\-

On Interspecies Relationships

*Agony aunt column explaining situations*

As Humans and Orcs are often very culturally and psychologically
different (as well as physiologically), some friction may arise in
relationships. Often this is the result of a lack of communication
rather than irreconcilable differences, so there are a number of things
to keep in mind when approaching a point of conflict.

Orcs may act in ways that Humans perceive to be aggressive or too
forward, forgoing the very Human tendency to be diplomatic. It's
important to realise that very seldom is there any ill intent, and
indeed most Orcs are happy to adapt.

Conversely, Humans may be perceived to be dodgy or evasive when their
intent is to avoid causing offense or they don't have a straightforward
answer or opinion on a subject.

Orcs very often act protectively (and in some cases quite possessively)
with Humans they spend much time with. While some Humans may find it
embarrassing or unexpected, it is a way of showing affection. It is
important to note that this behaviour is generally entirely separate
from any hierarchical relations. While individual differences apply,
Orcs in general do not have any trouble following a Human superior, or
vice versa.
