Lyon and the Orc

Pt.2

*This story is set in a world not unlike ours. However, humans share the
planet with another species, the orcs. The two peoples waged frequent
wars on one another in the past, but peace has now reigned for over one
hundred years and they live in relative harmony. Old prejudices die hard
however, and not everyone approves of the two races intermingling,
making relationships come under frequent strain.*

Today was the day. As I stood in front of the mirror, obsessively fixing
my hair and trying to get my necktie into shape, I felt an unfamiliar
sense of excitement. At 25 years old, I was about to have my first date.
I'd used the entire day getting ready. From buying new clothes for the
occasion to spending hours deciding on a gift to bring. I was determined
to not show just how badly inexperienced I was, my search history would
betray just how much of a novice I truly was: "What to wear on a date",
"Best gifts to give men", etc.

*Is the tie a bit too much?* I thought to myself, tugging at the knot. I
took it off to retie it. Again.

I felt my phone buzz, the alarm I had set to know when to leave. One
last look in the mirror, and I went out of the door, leaving the newly
bought scarlet necktie on the floor.

Â­**Three days earlier**

"Hey sleepyhead. Wake up!" I felt a hand on my shoulder, gently nudging
me awake. Groggy from sleep, I raised my head and opened my eyes,
greeted by the sight of an enormous orc man lying beside me. We were
both naked. For one brief instant, I was shocked at where I was, until I
remembered last night. Or rather, my sore body reminded me.

"Oh... God. I thought I dreamt last night." I said, rubbing my eyes.

"Very flattering, I must say." Grash looked at me disapprovingly,
tilting his head.

"No, no... It was nice. A good dream!" I quickly defended myself, only
to see his face crack up in laughter.

"I was just kidding. Come on, let me get you some breakfast. You must
have worked up quite the appetite!" I rolled my eyes at his lewd comment
while Grash got out of bed. The mid-day light shining in through the
windows lit his body perfectly. I rose from the mattress, and looked
around for my clothes.

"Do you know where my shirt and pants are?" I looked to him.

"I vaguely remember something about clothing from last night. At least I
recall taking them off." I laughed at his comment. Normally I couldn't
bear vulgar jokes, but hearing him saying it made it amusing. "You can
borrow a shirt from me to wear for now. I threw your clothes in the wash
before you woke up, they're in the dryer right now." Grash walked over
to me, holding a washed out, green t-shirt. "I didn't want to wake you,
you looked so peaceful sleeping." He held out a hand and cupped my face.

"Thank you." I smiled up at him and put on the comically large t-shirt.

We walked from his bedroom to the kitchen, where Grash opened the fridge
and started to retrieve food.

"How do you like your eggs?" He asked as he turned on the stove.

"Sunny side up, if that's OK." I sat down by the counter and watched him
cook. It was fascinating in a way, watching a man with hands the size of
baseball mitts perfectly crack eggs into a frying pan. "Anything I can
help with?" I asked, not wanting to seem ungrateful.

"I've got it. You just sit there and look pretty." Grash laughed and
started placing slices of bacon in another pan. I was happy to let him
take the reins, he seemed to be more experienced than me.

A few minutes passed, and Grash placed down two plates on the kitchen
counter, along with two glasses of orange juice and coffee. Two eggs for
me, six for him. It shouldn't surprise me, but it did.

"Thank you." I smiled at him and took a sip of juice. "I'm not much for
cooking myself." It was true, I could barely manage mac & cheese.

"Well..." Grash smiled. "I could teach you some things, if you'd like."
He took a big bite out of a piece of toast. "How to make some dishes,
some basic tips. If you'd like?"

"That would be very nice." I looked at my watch, it was a quarter to one
in the afternoon.

"Once you've finished, let me drive you home." I smiled but shook my
head.

"I could use a walk, the weather's nice outside." Grash looked slightly
disappointed. I looked around the room and spotted a piece of paper and
a ballpoint pen. I walked over to the kitchen counter, and scribbled
down my phone number. "However, why don't you call me, and we can see
about you giving me some pointers on my cooking?" That made him smile
again.

Half an hour later I was dressed and headed out the door when Grash
stopped me with a hand on my shoulder. I turned around and looked up at
his face. He lowered his lips to mine and kissed me. He was more
restrained than before, stroking my cheek with a finger.

"Something to think about when you're waiting for my phone call."

**Three days later**

I stood outside his door again. Heart pounding in my chest. One hand
reached out for the doorbell while the other clutched a wrapped bottle
of wine. I'd been assured by the clerk at the liquor store that it was
perfect for a date, it had better be at the price he sold it for.

My finger made contact with the button and I heard the bell ring inside
the apartment. I was slightly early, Grash had suggested five o' clock,
which seemed early for dinner, but I'd found myself missing him in his
absence.

The door opened, and there he was. Dressed in a blue suit jacket, white
shirt and turquoise slacks. It complemented his jade green skin colour
nicely.

"Welcome!" He beamed at me and I entered his apartment. Was that a shred
of nervousness I detected in his voice? For someone who seemed so secure
in himself he appeared to share my anxiety about dates.

Grash took my jacket and I handed him the bottle of wine.

"Thought I'd bring something of my own, seeing as you're providing the
food." I laughed and he took the bottle.

"Very nice..." He studied the wine bottle, then reached a hand out to my
shoulder. "I missed you, Lyon"

"I missed you too..." I barely managed a whisper. Grash leaned down and
planted his lips on mine. I'd thought about him non-stop for the last
three days. Feeling him kiss me again was electrifying. Our tongues
wrestled for a minute, he inevitably won the struggle and dominated my
mouth. I could hear him set the bottle of wine down on a side table and
felt his hands cup my ass. I thought he was just groping me -- not that
I'd mind, really -- but he grabbed hold of me and lifted me up into his
embrace. I locked my legs around his body, trying to hold myself up.
With one hand on my back and the other holding me up, he broke our kiss
and looked at me, our faces level.

"I know I said it already, but I really missed you." I moved my hands
around his neck. "It's a privilege to have you back."

"The privilege to be back is mine." I smiled at him. I'd never thought
of it before, but looking at him now, his face was truly beautiful. His
tusks gave him a bestial, but not crude, look. I leaned in to kiss him
again, taking the initiative for myself this time. His tongue swept over
my lips, coating the lower part of myself in his viscous saliva. Despite
having no frame of reference, Grash seemed to have an incredibly long
tongue. He easily snaked the appendage toward my throat, filling my
mouth. When I finally pulled back I was nearly gasping for air, my
cheeks flushed.

"I don't want to wear you out before dinner." Grash leered at me. Still
in his arms, he walked us to the kitchen, where ingredients were lined
up on the kitchen counter.

"So, what are we having?" I asked, looking at the food items.

"Well, I said I'd teach you a bit about cooking, so we're going to make
dinner together." Grash smiled at me and pointed to a large piece of
meat on a cutting board. "We're making Catalan roast lamb!"

"I have no idea what that is, but it sounds nice!" I smiled back. "I
have to warn you though, I'm a complete beginner." I cautioned him.

"Don't worry, it's quite simple. I'll get you a drink and an apron, and
then we can start!" Grash set me down and turned to the fridge. He
pulled out a bottle of white wine and poured two glasses. We clicked
them together and I took a sip. "I hope you like it, it's a German
wine." He handed me an apron and took another gulp of his wine.

I looked at the piece of cloth he handed me, it was dark green with an
illustration and text on it.

"Orc Lover?" I read aloud and looked at him.

"I know, I know." Grash bellowed with laughter. "But I thought it would
suit you." I tentatively put it on. "I bought it at some flea market in
San Jose years ago. I have others if you'd be more comfortable."

"No, this one is fine." I giggled and tied it around myself.

For the next thirty or so minutes, we cooked dinner together. Grash
guided me through everything, from chopping onions to squeezing lemons.
I took the opportunity to ask some more questions about him. I learned
he was working in the same field as me, he was an IT consultant for some
big firm in Silicon Valley. His apartment testified to the fact that he
was obviously more successful than me, but I wasn't about to get
jealous. Even more surprising was the fact that he'd been single and
without any partner -- even a one-night stand -- for two years.

"When I saw you in that bar, I took a chance. I hadn't had any luck for
a long time." He confessed while we were putting the lamb into the oven.

"I'm glad you did, truly." I told him as I was finishing my glass of
wine. He immediately refilled it with more wine, smiling at me. "Are you
trying to liquor me up?" I smirked at him.

"It worked fine last time." He winked and placed a warm hand on my arm.

"So. Now what?" We were evidently done with our cooking. Our dinner was
in the oven, now we only had to wait.

"Well..." Grash put a second arm around me. "We could just sit and
wait..." His face moved closer to mine. "Or you could just let me ravage
you again..." His lips were an inch from mine, his breath drifting over
my face in hot waves.

"Shouldn't we wait until after dinner? One good thing at a time so to
speak..." I weakly protested.

"No." Grash crushed his lips to mine while his hands went for the hem of
my trousers. I couldn't agree more with him. I started to untie the
apron, but he stopped me. "Leave it on. Tell it like it is."

Grash pulled down my trousers and I stepped out of them. I'd bought a
jockstrap and worn it for today, feeling a bit risky.

"Nice... I'm all for accessibility." He growled in my ear as his fingers
went for my hole.

"Do we even have the time?" I asked, concerned for the dinner. Not that
I really cared.

"I can be quick." Came my answer. Grash stepped out of his trousers and
underwear, and flipped me around so that I was facing the wall. "Right
here, right now, I want you." Never had I been so effectively reminded
that I was consorting with a beast in vaguely human shape.

He took a bottle of cooking oil and slathered some on his fingers, which
immediately went to my ass. I readied myself for the coming onslaught.

Grash wasted no time shoving a finger inside me. I winced in pain but
gritted my teeth. A few short minutes after, he flipped me around again,
and picked me up in his arms. I could feel his cock against my hole. It
felt like a cattle brand about to burn my skin. He pushed me down toward
it.

Our dramatically shorter prep time made his entry harder, not that Grash
was about to let any resistance get in his way. He applied more pressure
and soon enough, I could feel myself opening to his advances.

With a growl, Grash slammed me down, lunging his mammoth erection into
my waiting hole. My mouth hung open in surprise and pain. I was about to
yell out in pain when Grash crushed his lips to mine, preventing any
sound from coming out. I knew the pain would pass, eventually, but for
now it was excruciating. My hands, previously locked around his neck,
clawed at his back. I was probably going to leave marks, but he didn't
seem fazed by it.

Holding me tight to his chest, his dick still torturing my hole even
though he held it perfectly still, he kissed me slowly, reassuringly. A
minute went by and the pain began to lessen, tears of pain were still
slowly dripping down my cheeks, but surprisingly, I'd almost begun to
enjoy the painful adjustment.

"You OK?" Grash asked while he pulled away from the kiss.

"I'm adjusting..." I replied, even the act of speaking was causing small
ripples of pain to reverberate through my body.

Grash brought on of his hands to my face and dried my tears. Despite his
shows of affection so far, I was still mildly surprised at how tender
his touch was.

Slowly, Grash began to withdraw his cock from my hole. I could feel
every vein and ripple along his shaft as it passed through my insides,
up to the ridge of his bulbous head. In small movements, he teased my
entrance with the fat crown of his dick. Slowly, I could feel stings of
pleasure combine with the dull ache of his penetration. He kept up the
teasingly slow strokes, until the pleasure overcame the pain and a moan
escaped my lips.

"There we go..." His raspy voice caused hairs to stand up on my neck and
arms. "Now for the main course, little buddy." He leered at me and
bucked his hips upward, crashing his fat manhood into me. His
apple-sized nuts slapped hard against my ass, while his ridged crown
pressed hard against that joyful spot inside me, causing my own dick to
stand at attention.

He repeated his actions immediately, pulling out to the head, slamming
my smaller body onto his steely weapon. In, out. In, out.

"Oooooh..." My eyes rolled back into my skull and my mouth hung open in
silent astonishment. "Don't stop..." I begged him shamelessly.

It was hard to believe that a few days ago I'd scarcely laid eyes on a
naked man's body, now I was moaning like a cheap whore while this brute
of an orc ravaged my body like his own personal plaything.

My head fell down to rest on his pectorals, Grash took advantage of the
position to move my head to one of his nipples. I opened my mouth and
swiped my tongue over the erect nub. This single movement sent his
mammoth body into overdrive. I'd found a sensitive spot. He held my head
in a vice grip against his chest while his hips powered his erection in
and out of my ass.

"Gods, Lyon. Your hole is tight as a drum." He growled and slammed his
cock in even harder than before. My ass would carry bruises for days.
"You close?" His mouth was right against my ear, tongue swiping out to
send shivers down my spine.

I nodded in agreement. Grash pulled his cock out halfway, and began a
series of smaller, rapid movements, sending his cockhead swiping against
my love button repeatedly. The relentless onslaught proved too much, and
my entire body clenched as my climax crashed like waves through my body.
It was different from before, but no less intense. I broke contact with
his chest and exhaled, whimpering in pleasure. My cock jerked rapidly
and I spilled my seed into my jockstrap.

Collapsing against my lover's broad chest, Grash now moved to seek his
own climax. My still spasming ass had brought him close, and I felt him
speed up his movements while a rumbling moan built in his chest.

With a sound like thunder, he roared out and his cock grew impossibly
thicker as his orgasm powered through his body, to his mammoth shaft and
finally into my own body. Scalding waves of hot seed pumped into my hole
as his arms tightened around me, holding me steady against his body.

Just like before, there seemed to be no end to the hot liquid forced
into me. A sloshing sound gave witness to rivers of orc cum dripping
from my ass, unable to be contained inside me. At last, he came to a
stop and we were still. We were both breathing heavily from exertion,
his embrace still crushing me against his chest.

I exhaled a long breath. "Oh god, Grash." I looked up at his flushed
face, met by a tusked grin. "You've swept me off my feet." I laughed
quietly in the afterglow.

"Yeah, I did, didn't I?" He was still panting. I could feel his cock
soften inside me until, with a squishing sound, it fell out of me and
slapped heavily against his thigh. More of his cum leaked slowly out of
me, forming a thick, white puddle on the floor. Grash moved one hand to
my distended hole, scissoring two fingers in and out, coating them in
his viscous cum. He brought the two fingers to my mouth, dripping with
his sweet orc seed. "Open up."

I opened my mouth and took his fingers inside, lapping up the juice with
my tongue. I was beginning to love the taste. It was sweet, thick and
heady. The flavour was making my head spin.

He repeated the motion several times, gathering more and more of his
seed and feeding it to me. Once he was satisfied that he had cleaned me
out properly, he walked over to a chair and set me down on it. My hole
was sore, and I found it hard to sit down without aching.

I came face to face with his soft bludgeon of orc meat. It was coated in
milky white cum, the smell was overpowering.

With one hand, he held it up and laid it across my face. The sticky,
veined shaft covered my face completely. I stuck my tongue out and began
cleaning it, all the while I could see Grash grinning down at me in
superiority. He really enjoyed putting me in my place.

Once his cock was sufficiently clean, I sucked the last drops of cum
from his cockhead. Now that he was soft, it could finally fit in my
mouth. The ridged mushroom head filled my mouth to capacity with its
scalding hot presence.

I dropped his shaft from my mouth and kissed it gently on the head.

"You enjoyed that?" Grash asked, still standing with his cock to my
face.

"I did..." I blushed to admit it.

"Good, that was the point." He laughed and groped himself cockily. "You
should probably go into the bathroom and wipe of your face, I'll take
care of the mess we made here." He wiped a strand of cum from my face
and brought it to his own mouth, sucking on the finger.

I exited the kitchen and walked toward the bathroom. My legs were a bit
wobbly and I had to steady myself against the doorcase. Looking myself
in the bathroom mirror, I was a sight to see. My previously styled hair
was a mess, and streaks of orc seed covered my face. Still, I felt good.
Sated, in a way.

I splashed some water on my face and cleaned up my hair with a comb.

My jockstrap was soiled with my own cum, and I gingerly stepped out of
it. I cleaned myself with a piece of toilet paper and dropped the jock
into the washing machine.

I was still wearing the lewd apron, and I stopped to look at it in the
mirror.

"Orc Lover." I laughed quietly to myself and looked at the illustration
on it. It was a drawing of a humongous orc, wearing Superman-like
spandex, clutching a (much smaller) human Lois Lane in his arms. It was
certainly not inaccurate.

When I came back into the kitchen, Grash had mopped up the puddles on
the floor and handed me my trousers. I put them on and turned to watch
Grash take our dinner out of the oven. It smelled delicious.

"We seem to have succeeded!" He smiled at me and set the roast lamb down
on the stove.

I was tasked with setting the table for the two of us. I put some plates
down, and lit the candles Grash had set out.

Once we sat down to eat, Grash dimmed the lights and put on some music.
It was all very romantic, in stark contrast to our earlier debauchery.

The food turned out perfect, this orc obviously knew what he was doing.
We ate and laughed together for what seemed like hours. I took the
chance to inform myself more about orcs, it wasn't exactly my own fault,
but my knowledge was staggeringly lacking. All my life, I'd been
prejudiced toward his people. I'd never had anything in particular
against orcs, but I obviously knew very little.

"You're not the first to ask, and it's not your fault. There are plenty
of orcs who believe all humans are weak fools to be conquered. We're not
very different, really." He explained patiently.

"I feel a bit ashamed to even be asking. Living in a free-minded city
you'd think I'd have picked something up at least."

"Well... You haven't exactly been the most outgoing." He teased and I
laughed.

"No, you're right, I haven't." I smiled. "But that's not an excuse."

Grash took my hand in his and slowly stroked his thumb across it. "You
don't need any excuses with me."

I should be getting used to it by now, but the way he switched from
overbearingly dominant to charming gentleman was still surprising to me.

We were finished with dinner, and Grash suggested we move to the couch.
He took off his suit jacket and lay down, stretched out. I did the same,
and he opened his arms to embrace me. I lay down facing him, our faces
level with each other.

This time, it felt more romantic than erotic. His arms held me softly
against him, his hands rubbing my back in circles. I moved a hand up to
stroke his cheek, rubbing a finger against the tusks protruding from his
mouth.

"You really are so damn cute, you know that?" He said softly.

"You're too sweet..." I really wasn't good at flirting.

"Compared to me you're beautiful." Grash kept stroking my back, his face
just inches from mine.

"Don't sell yourself short." I looked into his eyes, my hands around his
neck. "You make me look like a child in comparison to you." I emphasised
my point by rubbing a hand along his gargantuan arms.

He tightened his grip around me a bit, squeezing me slightly.

"I like hearing you say that..." He increased his hold further. "Maybe
you need someone strong to take care of you?" He inched his face closer,
eyes boring into mine. "Someone to wrap you up in his arms and protect
you?"

I didn't answer at first, despite how much the question rang true for
me. Grash kept staring into my eyes, provoking a response.

"Yes. I do." I whispered to him.

That seemed to be the answer he was looking for. Our lips met once again
as his arms cradled me in his velvet iron grip. I had to give it to him,
he was a good kisser. My hands were clutched around his broad neck,
hanging onto his massive body for dear life.

We made out slowly for several minutes. When we finally broke away from
each other Grash moved me so that I was lying with my head resting on
his cannonball bicep, my head snuggled against his chest, listening to
his heartbeat.

With his arms wrapped heavily around me, I felt my eyelids grow heavy,
lulled to sleep by the rhythm of his breathing.

\--

When I awoke, I was alone, and naked. The room was dark, but I
recognised I was in Grash's bed. For a few minutes, I lay still and
looked around, until I heard heavy footsteps approaching from the living
room.

"Hey, you're awake..." It was Grash's voice coming out of the dark. I
heard him walk closer and he turned on a lamp by the bedside. He was
buck naked as well. The dim light cast shadows over his musculature,
making him appear even more brutish than normal. I couldn't help but
cast my gaze downward, to see his enormous, swinging manhood. It was
imposing even when soft, and I felt my loins stir at the sight.

Grash climbed into the bed beside me, but kept the light on.

"I hope you don't mind that I undressed you, I didn't want your clothes
to get creased." He pulled the covers up over us.

"How long was I asleep for?" I asked, still slightly disoriented.

"A little over an hour, I carried you here and put some stuff in the
washing machine." Grash inched a bit closer and rubbed my arm with one
of his hands. "Are you still tired?"

"Not so much." I smiled at him. "The nap seems to have given me some
energy back..."

I moved closer in the bed to cuddle up to him. Just like before, he
welcomed me by wrapping his arms around me. I felt safe in his embrace,
unlike any sensation before it.

As calm as the situation was, I could feel his dick against my thighs,
slowly growing to its menacing, full size.

I broke the silence. "Seems like you want to do more than just hold me
in your arms right now..."

He grinned bashfully at me. "Don't you?"

"I'm very open to suggestions... What did you have in mind?" I ran a
hand along his chest, resting it on his stomach.

"I want to make love to you... Slowly make you mine." Grash moved an arm
to cup my backside.

"Then I'm yours." I acquiesced.

His lips met mine and he moved me onto my back, slowly lifting my legs
into the air to expose myself to him. I was still stretched out from
earlier, and he began the process of slowly easing himself into me. He
managed it with minor resistance, and soon I felt his pelvis resting
against my ass.

Grash lowered his body onto mine, covering me with his massive brawn.
Our touch was electric. If he had been assertive and brutal before, this
time Grash was gentle and slow, skilfully playing my body like an
instrument.

Slowly, he moved his shaft in and out of me. The walls of my ass tingled
in pleasure as my being was taken over by this giant man. I whimpered in
pleasure as his ridged crown exerted its influence over my body. I ran
my hands over his body, taking in Grash's enormous proportions. Despite
our slow pace, his rich smell still invaded my body just as effectively
as his physical presence did. I was fast becoming desperately addicted
to him, it thrilled and frightened me in equal measure.

We kept up our slow pace for a longer time than before, I was fast
discovering that orcs had a stamina equal to their physical size. Like a
slow burn, Grash kept up the pressure until I felt my cock jerk in
pleasured torture. My climax was less forceful than before. I moaned in
pleasure as my lover kept up his slow movements, effectively forcing my
orgasm from my body with his skilful strokes.

"I'd like to see how many times I can make you come..." He whispered in
my ear, keeping up his relentless invasion of my body. With every stab
of his cock inside me, it was like my body was weakening further. I was
putty in his hands, clay to shape as he wished. Even through the
slow-paced lovemaking, he was asserting dominance over me.

I could do little but receive his excruciating strokes at this point. My
body was limp in his arms, weak moans escaping my mouth as his colossal
tool reshaped my insides to his desires.

Soon enough, Grash picked up the pace slightly, lunging his cock in to
the hilt and all the way out again. Chills went down my spine as the new
pace reinvigorated my limp cock. Like before, my head ended up crushed
against his chest as the restraining arms tightened around me, keeping
me in a helpless position. My arms were clasped around his chest, not
able to meet around his massive bulk.

With an especially forceful lunge into my body, Grash caused me to come
again. My smaller body could barely ejaculate anything at all, and my
arms fell limp to my sides. I was nothing against Grash's potency, never
before had it been made this clear.

With my second orgasm, the orc above me accelerated his invasion once
more, punishing my weak body with his strength.

Grash relaxed his hold onto me and pulled my head up toward his. His
face was tense in concentration, and he stared down at my flushed and
spent face.

"This is how I like it..." He stated in his husky, strained voice. "You.
Submitting, taking my cock. Helpless below me." I moaned weakly as he
pushed his whole cock into me, grinding his hips against my body. "You
needn't worry about a thing, Lyon. I'll take good care of you. Protect
you. Fuck you into submission like you need." He punctuated his
declaration with another hard stroke into me. "But I'd like to hear it
from you."

He held my head tilted toward his, forcing me to meet his gaze as his
pleasure wreaked havoc through my body.

"I- I'm yours Grash." I nearly cried as I said it. It was the truth, I'd
been swept off my feet by this titan. I'd gladly submit to him.

"Again." He demanded, baring his teeth to me.

"I'm yours! You can have me!" I moaned as his face was pressed to mine
and our lips met. His tongue invaded my mouth as the speed of his
fucking increased yet again. My eyes shot open and Grash smirked as my
third climax arrived. I screamed out in pleasure as a dry orgasm drove
through my body.

When my climax had subsided, Grash released his hold of my body and
pulled his steely hard cock out of me. The dark green truncheon was
jerking up and down violently, precum pouring in a continuous stream
from the fat tip.

He moved to sit over me, his massive cockhead at my lips. "Open up,
Lyon." He pressed the huge meat to my lips. "I want you to swallow it
all this time, every ounce of it."

I wasn't sure that was even possible, but his tone of voice left no room
to argue. I moved my hands to encircle the monstrous appendage, but he
took hold of my arms and held them above me. "No hands, you have to work
for it." I looked at him questioningly, but set about the arduous task
of trying to suck his cock into my mouth. I wasn't even close to
succeeding, and instead focused on licking the shaft and rubbing it with
my face. Finally, it seemed to have an effect, and Grash's body tensed
up. I could see it took all his strength not to shove my mouth onto his
cock, probably splitting my skull in the process.

After a long minute, I could see his balls draw up tight in his sac, and
the first shot of white orc cream hit my mouth. A massive hand on the
back of my head held my mouth firmly onto his cock, and I had no choice
but to swallow.

As soon as I had gulped down the first shot of cum, my mouth was filled
to capacity again. I drank it down in a frenzy, desperately trying not
to drown in his seed. My mouth barely had time to register the sweet
taste as I gulped down the scalding hot liquid.

For well over half a minute I drank his offering, my head becoming more
and more dizzy at the lack of oxygen. Finally, it subsided, and I was
left with a single mouthful of Grash's thick seed. I swallowed it down
and gasped for air, coughing at the exertion.

Grash released my hands and used his hand to squeeze out the last of his
seed from his cock, coating my lips with several large drops of white
liquid. I licked my lips, taking it all in and revelling in the flavour.

Grash rolled off me, lying down beside me and pulling my body to his.

"Worn you out, have I?" He smiled at my tired appearance.

"I'm exhausted..." I yawned. "In a good way though."

"Good to know I measure up." Grash wrapped his arms tighter around me
and pulled the covers to our shoulders. "I'd like to keep you here
forever, Lyon." He rubbed his hands along my back, providing some relief
to my weary body. "Wrapped up in my embrace, safe and sound."

I looked up at his face, studying his features closely. "Can I tell you
something?" I asked, biting my lip.

"Sure." Grash look at me intently.

"I think I'm falling in love with you..." My confession was barely a
whisper, but I could see he heard it when his eyes lit up and his mouth
broke into a broad grin.

"I was hoping you'd say that..." He brought his lips to mine and
enveloped me in a heart-throbbing kiss.
