**Lyon and the Orc**

**Pt.1**

**This story is very obviously fictional. It contains explicit scenes of
sex between two men, one of them is not human. It also contains scenes
of unprotected sex, the author in no way condones this.**

**If this content offends you or is illegal in your country of
residence, this has been your spoiler warning.**

**Remember to support Nifty Archive in any way you can, the wonderful
and free service they provide does not come without a cost.**

*This story is set in a world not unlike ours. However, humans share the
planet with another species, the orcs. The two peoples waged frequent
wars on one another in the past, but peace has now reigned for over one
hundred years and they live in relative harmony. Old prejudices die hard
however, and not everyone approves of the two races intermingling,
making relationships come under frequent strain.*

The name's Lyon. Lyon Parker. I'm a software engineer working for a
major IT company in San Francisco, California. As well paid and
fulfilling my job is, I've spent most of my life so far living with the
feeling of emptiness inside. Being 25 and having kept your virginity
through high school and college will do that to you. Coming from a
conservative family who instilled in me early on that abstinence until
marriage is paramount to your relationship with the Lord didn't help my
predicament, but you'd think that breaking away and moving to one of the
most liberal cities in the world would have helped me -- no such luck so
far.

I realised a long time ago that I preferred men to women, but I'd buried
the feeling deep down and concentrated on work and study. Even when I
received positive attention from any gender, I never responded in kind,
expertly preserving my loneliness and shielding myself from the world.
That all changed when I was fired from my job.

In short, my boss didn't like me. My job performance was stellar, but
due to layoffs at my company the management shoved me out the door in
favour of more socially outgoing people. I'd have no problem finding
another job, but for over a week I fumed in quiet anger in my apartment.
On the ninth day of take-out and not bothering to shower I'd had enough.
Seeing the same walls day in and day out made me so sick I wanted to
scream, and so I cast aside my feelings and went to a local bar,
intending to have a few drinks and breathe some fresh air.

Coming into the bar I immediately noticed the mixed clientele. Even
though it was early in the day, the bar was far from empty. The crowd
was divided into roughly 50/50 between humans and orcs. Never having had
much contact outside my own bubble, orcs still made me a bit nervous,
especially their imposing stature compared to most humans. My own
relatively short and slight body did not help in my anxiety.

"Can I get you anything?" The bartender spoke in a gruff tone and peered
down at me over the mug he was currently drying with a stained rag. He
was an orc himself, dressed in a black tank top that did little to
conceal his, well, largeness.

"Yes... I'd like a vodka tonic please." I replied, my eyes probably
lingering a bit too long on his well-filled chest before looking him in
the eyes, which earned me a smile and a lightning-quick wink. Great --
three minutes into my visit and I already felt embarrassed.

"One vodka tonic coming up!" The bartender smiled down at me as he mixed
my drink. "You look like you've been through something difficult to make
you drink so early in the day, huh?" He commented as he gave me the
glass.

"I was fired from my job." He lost his smile as I replied and took a sip
of my drink. "The management apparently wanted something else."

"Sorry to hear that buddy." The orc put a hand on my shoulder, the force
of what was meant as a kind gesture nearly made me fall off my chair.
"I'm sure you'll find something else," he finished and walked over to
serve another customer.

I rubbed my shoulder, sore from the impact, and took another sip of my
drink.

The minutes went by and by the time I'd been sitting on my own by an
hour, the alcohol had made it's way to my brain and my anger had
lessened somewhat. I finished my drink and prepared to make an exit when
I suddenly felt a presence behind me. A large presence.

The stranger behind me waved to the bartender while I looked down at my
now empty glass and waited for him to leave.

"One large beer for me, and another drink for the guy here!" A deep
voice called from over my head. The stranger sat down next to me and I
got my first look of the man. As I'd rightly guessed, he was huge. Large
even by orc standards, I doubt my head would reach to his shoulders. He
seemed to have some difficulty fitting on the small barstool, and his
leg pressed against mine.

"I- I was just about to leave," I spoke in quiet protest but was quickly
silenced by the monumental stranger placing an arm around my shoulder.

"I heard you say earlier you'd just been laid off, I know the feeling.
Allow me to buy you a drink at least," the stranger said to me and
cracked a broad smile, his large tusks did little to make him seem more
inviting. "The name's Grash." He held up his hand.

"I'm Lyon," he shook my hand, his dwarfed mine in an almost comic way.
"Thanks for the drink." I smiled to be polite, noticing that he held my
hand still, longer than any handshake usually lasted.

We made light conversation for a while, he was obviously more interested
than I was, but after some time he'd made me feel more comfortable and I
found myself more than a bit interested in him. My eyes lingered
frequently on his big arms and the slight gut he sported.

Once we were three drinks in, I excused myself to go to the bathroom. I
entered one of the stalls and did my business, once I was finished I
opened the door only to find Grash standing outside. I froze in surprise
and he walked inside, taking up what little space was left in the
cubicle.

"What are you- what are you doing?" I stammered as he stepped closer to
me and reached out to cup my face with his large hand.

"Ain't it obvious?" He asked and laughed quietly. "I see the way you
look at me, boy."

"You must have gotten it wrong..." My voice seemed to be failing me as I
could barely whisper.

"No, I don't think I did." He leaned down as his face moved closer to
mine, his breath washing over me in hot waves.

"I- I'm not-" I was cut short by his lips to mine, and my resistance
faded to nothing in seconds. His tongue swept across my closed lips and
he made a sound close to a tiger's growl, his intensely brown eyes
staring into mine. Finally, I opened my mouth and took him inside. He
tasted of beer, his thick saliva pouring into my mouth as the large
tongue dominated mine.

My hands, previously limp at my side, now went to his sides, rubbing
against his shirt. My cheeks were flushed red as he kept up the
pressure, one of his large hands on the small of my back, pulling me
into him. Our height difference was palpable as I had to stand on my
toes as he leaned down.

Grash pulled back and stroked my cheek with one big thumb, my mouth
agape in surprise still. In one short moment, years of frustration and
isolation were being undone and my mind could scarcely comprehend what
was happening.

"Why don't you come with me, and we'll get to know each other better..."
Grash spoke to me quietly and I found myself nodding in agreement.

As we walked out of the bathroom stall and back into the main room of
the bar, quite a few people were looking at me and I realised that I was
showing a sizeable bulge in my pants. We made our exit and began walking
toward Grash's apartment. While we walked, he kept an arm around my
shoulders.

"I knew you'd be interested as soon as I saw you." He looked down at me
and I met his eyes. "Don't worry, we won't do anything you won't
like..." He grinned that bestial grin again and I felt some of my
earlier nervousness returning. I didn't reply and stared straight
forward, luckily for me, Grash didn't seem to mind and continued leading
the way.

After a walk of about fifteen minutes, we arrived at his home. Grash
unlocked the door and led me in. Looking around, he had a quite a large
place all to himself. He led me to the kitchen and I sat down by the
counter.

"Anything to drink?" He held up a beer to me but I shook my head.

"Can I just have some water?" I asked a Grash laughed quietly.

"I forget you couldn't drink like me, little guy." He made me blush with
that comment as I gulped down the water he handed me. He moved closer to
me and put a hand under my chin, angling my head up to meet his gaze.
"I'm guessing this is your first time with another guy..." I nodded in
response. "Strange, a cute guy like you should have met someone long
ago." His thumb had moved from my chin to poke at my mouth, and I open
my lips to suck on the large digit.

"Acshually I've never-" I tried to speak but his finger in my mouth made
it difficult.

"No girls either?" Grash looked a bit surprised but then smiled. "Not
every day you get someone completely fresh." His comment sent shivers
down my spine and suddenly I realised that I was largely at the mercy of
this enormous orc. He was stronger and bigger than me in every way, his
arms could probably snap my back without breaking a sweat. Grash wasted
no time in demonstrating his strength by placing his hands at my sides
and lifting me up. Placing one arm on my back and another cupping my
butt, he walked me out of the kitchen and into his living room. He sat
down on the couch, still cradling me in his arms like a child. I'm
certain he saw the flicker of terror in my eyes as he rubbed my back
reassuringly. "I'm actually not that scary..." He spoke softly and once
again pulled my face to his.

This time I responded more enthusiastically to his kiss and let my hands
reach up to touch his face. Maybe I'd been wrong about orcs all this
time, I thought to myself. His skin was surprisingly soft, and markedly
warmer than mine. As my hands wandered down to his chest, he let out a
growl again. My hands found themselves cupping his pecs, his chest
muscles were heavy, hanging down slightly by the weight of the immense
muscles under his control. He tightened his grip around me, enveloping
me in arms thicker than my legs. At this point I also noticed that Grash
was completely hairless, his emerald green skin was silky smooth all
over. I found myself wondering how he looked without the shirt and
slacks he wore, even though his tight-fitting clothes left little to my
imagination.

Grash pulled away from my face and looked me in the eyes. "You OK so
far, dude?" He continued rubbing my back as I sat in his lap, my hands
on his sides.

"Yeah, I'm OK." I responded, smiling at him. It wasn't a lie, I was
getting more and more comfortable in his embrace, even though I was
barely able to comprehend where my day was headed.

"Why don't we just sit here for a while, get comfortable with each
other..." Grash smiled at me and lay down on the sofa, manoeuvring me to
be the little spoon in his arms.

We chatted like that for a while, his head behind mine made hairs rise
on my neck as he breathed on me, his manly smell enveloping me. After a
while we were both laughing, and I began to enjoy his company more and
more. Not only did I enjoy his warm arms around me, I started to notice
a different presence between his legs. It felt big, and very warm.

Grash moved one of his lower on my stomach and noticed I was much the
same as him.

"Seems we have the same problem, Lyon..." He whispered in my ear. "You
want to get more comfortable?" His hand was cupping my swelling crotch,
and I moaned in appreciation. "I'll take that as a yes, then..."

Grash stood up and took my hand, pulling me to my feet. "I have a
suggestion for you..." He pulled me into yet another embrace. "I have a
jacuzzi in my bathroom, why don't we get in there and relax together in
some..." He chuckled and smiled. "less formal looking clothes?" I nodded
at him and Grash led me toward his bathroom.

If I was impressed by his kitchen and living room, his bathroom was
magnificent. The floor looked like marble and the room was dominated by
a large jacuzzi. Grash walked over, and water rushed into the tub as he
turned a knob. As he stood in the middle of the room I finally got a
good chance to look him over properly.

The word 'large' didn't do the orc justice. Bands of muscle covered his
frame, his arms, thicker than my own legs, had biceps large as
handballs. His chest with pectorals weighed down by their own heft onto
a slight gut, giving him a softer, bear-ish look. His legs were the size
of tree trunks, culminating in his most impressive asset, a palpable
bulge, easily the size of two fists together (if not more).

"Like what you see, buddy?" He brought me out of my trance, standing
with his legs wide.

"Yeah... Yeah I do." I responded, having grown a bit braver over the
hours with him.

"Well." Grash walked toward me. "As do I." He smiled, and turned toward
the bathtub, which was filling up with hot water. "You still look a bit
struck, want me to go first?" He suggested, beginning to unbutton his
shirt. I looked on while he removed his clothes, as he shed his shirt,
he revealed the mountainous expanse of green skin that formed his chest
and belly. Next came his socks, and finally his pants.

As he stepped out of his trousers I couldn't hold back a gasp at the
sight before me. He wore a jockstrap. It was stretched tight over his
legs, the cup was filled to an obscene degree, straining to contain his
package.

"Never seen an orc naked before?" Grash mused and cupped his swelling
manhood suggestively. "Your turn, little buddy. I'll help you."

I started to unbutton my pants while Grash began opening my shirt. I
shook of my clothes and stood in my briefs before the humongous orc, a
little self-conscious at how tiny I was compared to him, a child next to
the magnificent specimen of manhood standing before me.

Grash put his thumbs into my briefs and began to lower them, soon enough
I was completely nude. He started to lower his own jock, but I stopped
him. "Let me..." I was aching to see what he was packing, my own prick
hard as steel at the prospect of seeing him fully.

Inch by agonising inch I lowered the straps of his underwear, exposing
him. There wasn't a strand of hair on the manhood being unveiled before
my eyes. Still not completely hard, his cock was still thick as a can of
beer, topped by a large head covered in foreskin. His heady smell wafted
from the cloth of his jock, filling my nose and making my head race.

Grash turned around to turn off the water, depriving me of my current
sight, but rewarding me with his downright glorious behind. He had a
textbook bubble butt, sticking out from behind him. Even though I felt
decidedly passive compared to him, I couldn't deny the fact that the
sight of his ass made me even harder.

With the water turned off, Grash stepped down into the water and sat
down. He motioned for me to join him and I sat down beside him, the warm
water sent shivers down my spine and I leaned back into the tub. "Not
like that, silly..." Grash said, and took hold of me again, moving me to
sit in his lap, the cleft of my ass pushed apart by his manhood. His
hands went immediately to my own, smaller dick. I moaned loudly as his
hands slowly jerked me. I felt his breath on my neck as his mouth moved
to one of my ears, sticking his tongue inside, making me shiver. "Let me
take the edge off..." He growled in my ear as he jerked me faster,
quickly bringing me toward orgasm.

"I'm so close..." I groaned as Grash slowed down his movements.

"You want me to continue?" He teased me.

"Please..." I replied.

"Please what?" He laughed quietly.

"Please let me come!" I was getting desperate.

Grash sped up his movement, and I felt my balls draw up as my cock
throbbed and released my cum into the water. I fell back against his
chest, exhaling sharply. Grash moved his hands to my stomach and legs,
slowly running his hands along my body. I noticed that his cock had
become completely hard, standing up between my legs. It dwarfed mine
obscenely, standing up like a club of green meat, throbbing violently.
His foreskin had peeled back, exposing a huge purple head. I hesitantly
moved my hand toward it. Despite the hot water, his heat still felt like
it would singe my hand. Try as I might, my hand couldn't encircle the
cylinder of flesh. I moved my hand up and down over his manhood,
eliciting a low moan from him. Because of the awkward position, I wasn't
able to move my hands too much, so I resorted to stroking his cockhead,
marvelling at the sheer size of his equipment.

I kept up my movements for a few minutes, but soon enough I could sense
Grash approaching his climax, and he stopped me.

"You wanna get back on dry land?" I asked.

"I was thinking you might like a better perspective." He said, his voice
husky from tension.

We got out of the water and Grash handed me a towel. Once I was dry
enough, we stood facing each other. His dick stood straight up,
violently jerking to his pulse. I stuck out my hand and grabbed hold of
it. Grash laid one hand on my shoulder and pushed. Weakly, I fell to my
knees on the tile floor and came face to face with the single largest
cock I'd ever seen. "Go ahead, get a taste." He put a hand on the back
of my head and pushed me forward.

I could see a bead of precum forming on the tip of his cockhead,
sticking my tongue out I was rewarded with an explosion of flavour. It
was salty, musky and sweet at the same time. I didn't need to try it
again to realise that I loved it. I moved forward and tried to fit the
large head in my mouth, but couldn't fit it inside. Moving on, I licked
the shaft down to the bottom and was presented with a pair of nuts, each
easily the size of an apple. In spite of having just been bathed, the
musk that crashed into me overwhelmed my senses, and I dove into the
green flesh like a starved man. I wasn't even close to being able to fit
a single one in my mouth, but that wasn't going to stop me from trying.

If the taste of his precum was strong, this was it in concentrated form,
like a strong shot of liquor to the brain. Grash's hand was stroking my
hair, and suddenly I realised that his heavy piece of flesh was lying
heavily on my head, precum dripping into my hair.

Leaving his balls, I moved back to his shaft. Licking around the head,
even more precum spilled into my mouth, the amount of it was
unbelievable, like a faucet. I drank it down eagerly and sped up my
hands jerking his manhood, increasing the flow even more. Soon enough
his hand on the back of my head gripped me tighter, holding me against
his cock.

When the first shot of his cum hit my mouth, I felt like I was going to
drown. The sheer volume filled my mouth to capacity. I swallowed
reflexively, only to receive another mouthful.

I gulped his seed down as fast as I could, but in the end, I had to pull
away, only to receive several more shots of the creamy liquid on my face
and body. I'd never imagined even orcs could produce an orgasm of this
magnitude. When the shots finally subsided, I was covered in Grash's
sticky, white seed. The smell of it was overpowering. I licked my lips,
taking in what liquid remained on my face. The taste was sweet and
strong, unmistakably male. I immediately felt addicted. Shamelessly, I
licked up what was left on me, then turned my attention to the softening
club of meat in front of me, still dripping the sweet nectar I now
craved. Taking Grash's cock in one hand, I brought the head to my mouth
and went about sucking out the last remnants of his seed, before
thoroughly cleaning the shaft and the huge bull nuts hanging below.

All the while, I could feel the orc's gaze on me. There I was, kneeling
on the bathroom floor, desperately trying to drink up every last drop of
his cum. I looked pathetic but I'd never felt better.

"Thank you." I looked up at Grash and smiled while he ran a large hand
through my matted hair.

"Looks like you need to wash off again." He laughed and pulled me to my
feet. "Let me help you." He led me to the separate shower and turned on
the water. Methodically, he began to scrub every part of my body, paying
close attention to my crotch, which he washed carefully. "Turn around."
I did as he asked and was rewarded with Grash's hands slowly rubbing my
back. He worked lower and washed off my legs, then he started on my ass.
Apparently he'd been saving it for last. He worked a soapy hand up and
down the cleft between my globes, and soon enough I could hear his
breathing become heavier. Because of the position, I couldn't tell for
sure, but my money was on his heavy manhood starting to rise again.

"Aagh!" I gasped out in surprise as one thick finger tested the strength
of my hole.

"Sensitive?" Grash asked.

"Took me by surprise, that's all." I replied. Despite having repressed
my sexuality for years I wasn't a complete fool. I knew why he paid such
attention to that part of my body, and it both thrilled and frightened
me.

"Good. I'd like to keep you on your toes." He sharply punctuated the
sentence by shoving a finger inside me. Even the most experienced bottom
would wince at even a single one of his fingers, they were thicker than
my own dick by themselves, and I had no experience to speak of. "Don't
worry, you're not the first human I've had beneath me." I felt his
breath on my neck as the hot water rained down over us. "I've never met
a single person I haven't left..." He slowly pulled the finger out and
slid it back in. "Satisfied."

I turned around to face him. He gazed into my eyes and rubbed a hand on
my shoulder.

"I'm not sure I could do that..." I'd never been more turned on in my
life, but the mere sight of the green-skinned monster shaft, undulating
to his pulse, terrified me. "I mean, I've never even come close to
trying with anything half your size." He smiled at that comment.
Apparently mentioning his physical stature turned him on even further.
Not that I didn't appreciate the sight of it, he was a man built to
conquer others.

"I'll be slow, I promise. And as I said, you're not the first. Everyone
has said the same. I'm going to make you enjoy it." He pulled my face to
his and gave me another heart-throbbing kiss. I nodded in acquiescence
and Grash turned off the shower.

We dried ourselves quickly, and I looked to him to take the lead.

"Come on, why don't we lie down you and I, and I'll show you what I
mean." He grinned and winked at me, and I haplessly followed along as he
led me to yet another room of his apartment, the bedroom.

The room was very large, dominated by a bed fit for his size. It was
furnished austerely, but with a masculine feeling. One wall was taken up
by a closet, the doors of which were covered in a mirror. I'd never
gotten a good look at the two of us side by side before this, and it did
little to strengthen my resolve. I looked like a child in comparison to
him. A small man with a lithe stature, pale and thin with long hair.
Standing next to him was a massive brute. Emerald coloured, hairless
skin covering his features. His frame banded with thick muscles, not the
kind that bodybuilders achieve, but softer, almost like his whole body
was somehow cushioned and soft, yet unmistakably powerful. Even our
faces betrayed our respective roles. I'd always had soft facial
features. Grash's face however, was dominated by two large tusks from
his mouth, angular cheekbones and a broad, square jaw.

My trance was interrupted as Grash led me to his bed, and laid me down,
facing him. He ran a hand across my face, stroking my cheek as his other
arm encircled me, pulling my body toward his.

"What did you want to show me?" I asked, looking around the room, then
back to him.

Grash changed position so that he was lying on his back, and motioned
for me to follow him. I climbed atop him, lying on his soft chest. I
could feel his heartbeat against me, his chest rising and falling with
each breath.

"Let me get you into position." With that Grash took hold of my body and
moved me so that I was facing his cock, which had now risen to it's full
length again. I could feel his hands on my butt again, one finger
rubbing against my hole, stroking it slowly. I found myself enjoying the
slow movements he was making, occasionally interrupted by him testing my
hole with the tip of a finger.

He kept the motions up, slowly becoming more assertive, determined to
slowly penetrate me with his fingers. I winced in pain as he finally
shoved one finger in to the hilt. He withdrew and resumed stroking me,
but soon enough he entered me again. A few minutes went by and he could
now insert one finger effortlessly.

To drown out the stings of pain he still caused, I focused on his dick
in front of me. I could barely reach the cockhead with my mouth, and so
I resorted to licking it and stroking the length with my hands. The
taste filled my mouth again, just as his smell hit my brain like a drug,
intoxicating me. I reached one hand further down to fondle his nuts. The
heavy sac filled one hand to overflowing, and I gently rolled the bull
balls around in my hands.

"You ready?" Grash whispered in a low, husky voice.

"Ready for what...?" I replied. I couldn't possibly take his dick yet. I
was about to turn around and look but the feeling of something utterly
alien on my ass shut me up quick. Grash had shoved his face in my ass, I
could feel his tusks rubbing against the skin, as his large tongue
dragged up and down the crack. I moaned in pleasure, I'd never
experienced anything like it. Grash became more and more aggressive, and
soon his tongue was penetrating my hole, stretching it and providing a
sensation unlike anything I'd felt before. "Ooh... God!" I cried out
which elicited a laugh from the orc, followed by a sharp slap on my
asscheeks.

"Your ass is one of the best I've seen, or tasted." He growled at me and
dove back in. I was too caught up in the sensations to pay attention to
his cock, which was steadily dripping more and more precum onto his
stomach, forming a puddle. Eagerly, I lapped up the sweet discharge and
resumed licking his cockhead.

Grash ate me out like a starved man, I was simply a passenger along for
the ride. The scale of his tongue allowed him to penetrate me deep,
applying pressure to a point inside me which caused shockwaves of
pleasure to vibrate through my body, leaving me gasping for air, mouth
hanging open. My cock was painfully hard, soon enough I felt my climax
approaching. Just as I was nearing the edge, Grash withdrew from me.

"Why'd you stop?" I asked, short of breath.

"It's time." He simply said, and lifted me off him, depriving me of the
sweet nectar I'd been lapping up so far. He gently laid me down on my
back and stood on his knees between my legs. "Don't worry, judging by
your reaction so far you're going to love it." He winked at me again,
laughing quietly at my desperation. He reached into his nightstand and
retrieved a small bottle. The label read 'BEAST'. I recognised the
product from ads on the internet. It was lube with a mild sedative,
marketed toward orc/human relationships. He squeezed a large dollop onto
his cock, mingled with his ample natural lubricant, and slathered it on.

I had never been more nervous in my life.

"You may want to lie down on your stomach for this, it'll be easier." He
said. I did as he said, silent out of fear mixed with unending desire.
Soon enough I discovered who exactly it would be easier for -- not me.

I felt the tip of his mighty phallus against my hole, and clenched in
anticipation. Then came the pain. Grash slowly applied more and more
pressure, his titanic body tense in exertion. With a POP! the head of
his cock entered me. I screamed in pain, but was quickly muted by a
large hand on my mouth. When I reflexively tried to move away, his
strong arms restrained me. "Sshhh, shhh..." He whispered in my ear. "You
won't be able to get enough soon, you just need to give it some time."

Tears streamed down my cheeks as Grash unforgivingly shoved inch after
inch into my stretched hole. For the final stretch, he lowered his
entire body onto mine, smothering me against the mattress. I felt
utterly dominated. This man who I barely knew had reduced me to a
shivering wreck in mere hours. Worst of all, I was enjoying it. Despite
the pain, the gigantic presence in my ass left me with a feeling of
fullness, the pressure inside me was, to my surprise, enjoyable.

"There we go. You took it all. I'll give you some time to get used to it
before I really get going." At last I felt his hips against me. His
massive nuts resting against my much smaller ones. With a large finger,
Grash wiped the tears from my eyes and nuzzled his face to mine. We lay
still for a few minutes, and in short notice, the pain was dulling,
replaced by pleasure.

Finally, he noticed that I was pushing my ass up toward his cock, and
Grash began pulling his cock out of me.

It felt like my insides were being vacuumed out of me. If an observer
had stood behind us he would have been able to make a perfect mould of
Grash's cock from my stretched hole. The massive shaft had reshaped my
insides to match him, leaving no room.

Then he began to thrust into me, slowly at first, but then picking up
speed. His arms still restrained me tightly, my arms held above my head.
He removed the hand covering my mouth, and I let out a moan.

"You're so fucking tight, Lyon." Grash said through gritted teeth. He
was very obviously having trouble keeping his orgasm at bay from the
pressure of my spasming ass muscles. "I knew you would be as soon as I
saw you sitting in that bar." He shoved in forcefully, knocking the
breath out of me. "All alone, in need of some." Shove. "Rough." Shove.
"Treatment."

This was new to me, I hadn't expected him to be quite this dominant.
He'd been assertive earlier, but nothing compared to the bull in rut
above me at the moment. I was hardly complaining, though. My cock was
hard as steel, each forceful jab into me caused more precum to spill out
onto the sheets.

Grash moved his hands from holding my arms steady, and went to my sides
instead, providing more leverage for his powerful thrusts into my
stretched rectum. I reached for my dick, but a large hand swatted it
away. "No need." Grash growled at me in a raspy voice. "I'll make you
come soon enough." He thrust in even harder, grinding his pelvis to my
ass. With every movement, his gigantic balls slapped my small ones,
further punctuating our size difference.

I twisted my head up to look at his face. Sweat dripped from him onto
me, covering my face and body, enveloping me in his musky, earthy smell.
Grash took hold of my jaw in one hand and crushed his lips to mine. He
savagely attacked my mouth as his shattering thrusts demolished any
resistance I'd ever had. With every inward motion, his tongue dominated
my mouth, effectively fucking me from both ends. In my delirium, I
caught sight of the mirrors on the wall. The sight presented to me was
humiliating and intensely erotic at the same time. What I saw was a tiny
figure being dominated and put in place by a mountainous beast,
punishing the pitiful man beneath him with every stroke.

I could feel my orgasm coming on as Grash sped up his brutalising
movements.

"Please... Grash!" I let out a high-pitched moan, long since having lost
any masculine pretenses. "I'm gonna-"

White heat enveloped my body as Grash shoved in, banging my head against
the headboard and kickstarting an earthshattering climax unlike any I'd
ever experienced. My mouth hung open, panting breathlessly as my cock
fired salvos of white cream into the sheets, without ever having been
touched at all.

My mind reeled at the force of the sensation, punctuated by the rhythmic
lunges of my lover into my tenderised hole. For well over a minute,
waves of pleasure crashed over me, long after my climax had ended. When
I came down from my high, Grash had slowed down his piledriving thrusts,
gently sinking himself into me.

"Told you I'd take care of it for you!" He laughed, panting heavily.
"But it's my turn now."

Grash pulled out of me completely, manhandled me onto my back, and drove
his cock into my now gaping hole. His arms encircled me once again,
tightly restraining me toward his chest, my face pressed into the cleft
between his heavy pecs. His sweat rubbed over my face as his gargantuan
body pinned mine to the bed. If I had felt dominated before, I was
utterly helpless in this position. I was curled up like a pretzel, my
ass angled up to meet his manhood.

If possible, the force with which his enormous shaft punished my ass
increased even further. I could barely moan, having to focus on
breathing in order not to be overwhelmed by the sensory overload I was
experiencing.

Finally, Grash shoved his cock in to the hilt, and let out a roar. I
could feel his monstrous cock jerking violently as he deposited his
heavy load inside me. If his first orgasm had been large in volume, his
second was monumental. Seed poured out of my ass, my innards unable to
contain the volume of cum pumped into me by the orc.

He collapsed onto me, breathing heavily as his orgasm subsided. We were
both soaked in sweat, most of it from him. After a few minutes, he rose
up, his cock still buried in my hole.

I raised one hand to stroke his cheek, smiling at him.

"Enjoy yourself?" He asked, smiling.

"Very much." I sighed in contentment, and leaned up to place a kiss on
his mouth.

We looked at each other for a while until Grash finally broke the
silence.

"Round two?"
