Lyon and the Orc

Pt.3

*This story is set in a world not unlike ours. However, humans share the
planet with another species, the orcs. The two peoples waged frequent
wars on one another in the past, but peace has now reigned for over one
hundred years and they live in relative harmony. Old prejudices die hard
however, and not everyone approves of the two races intermingling,
making relationships come under frequent strain.*

"May I have your attention please! One of our largest clients is making
a surprise visit today, and I trust you will all aid me in welcoming
them! Please make sure your desks and offices are tidy and free from
trash, and for god's sake keep the banter to a level that would be OK on
public radio!" The crowd laughed as the CEO stepped down from the
makeshift podium and walked out of the conference room.

"Mr. Parker, may I have a word please?" I turned around to see my boss,
the priggish Mr. Farlow, looking at me.

"Yes sir, what can I do for you?" I smiled politely at him.

"I'd like you to come with me and Mr. Gurlich on the tour today. You'll
be tasked with explaining some parts of our work to the client when they
arrive." Cecil Farlow pushed his glasses higher onto his nose and
adjusted his necktie.

"Of course, anything else?" Mr. Farlow shook his head, and I walked out
of the room, heading for my office.

The last month, my life had taken a turn for the better. I'd got a new
job, one that paid far better than my last one, I commanded a team of
five people under me, and I was in the process of moving in with my
boyfriend. The latter part bore the responsibility for the former.

Grash, my partner, owned an apartment in San Francisco's Castro
district. I had given him the keys to my home, and he was in the process
of moving the furniture while I was at work. Being an orc standing at a
hulking 2.7 metres, he needed little help carrying my belongings down
the stairs.

Despite my happiness, a seed of malcontent still gnawed at my heart. We
had decided mutually to keep our relationship discreet. Even today,
there were plenty of people who disagreed. Including his relatives, whom
I didn't know, and my relatives, whom I didn't like.

I'd be all for telling the world about us, but in the end the decision
was for the better.

"Mr. Parker!" I snapped out of my daydream and saw Mr. Farlow standing
in the doorway to my office. "The folks from General Conductors have
arrived."

"I'll be right with you, sir!" I hurried out of my office to greet our
guests.

The day passed in relative calm, we guided two people from a client
company around the building. They seemed impressed with our work, I
earned a smile from the CEO and I contented nod from Mr. Farlow.

Once the clock struck five, I scurried out of the building and into the
summer sun.

The weather was marvellous, and I felt like nothing could spoil my good
mood.

Half an hour later I made my way up the stairs to my new home, turned
the key in the lock, and walked through the door.

The sight of my beloved partner, Grash, greeted me. He was in the
process of moving a couch up against a wall to make room for a new
coffee table. He also appeared to be wearing nothing but underwear and a
tank top.

"Tell me you didn't go out in that?" I laughed at his apparent struggle
with a piece of furniture, and went over to help him.

He dropped the couch on the floor and sauntered over to me. "You're
imagining that, aren't you?" He grinned and plopped down on the sofa.
"I'd hug you, but I don't want to get sweat all over you. I've been
moving stuff for five hours in 30-degree heat."

I moved to stand in front of him, hands at my sides. "See, I recall you
saying that it would be a 'walk in the park' for you..." I playfully
scowled at him. "I remember being told that I 'should let a real man
handle the heavy lifting'."

Grash bared his teeth and stood up, towering over me. "What was that?"
He lowered his face to mine and stared into my eyes. I knew he was
joking, but he was still intimidating.

"You heard me." I just smiled and stood my ground.

With a single, lightning-quick movement, he had me in his arms and
lifted me up to his height. "I was going to spare you a trip to the
dry-cleaner, but I've changed my mind. Prick." He wrapped me in his arms
and held me tight.

I laughed like a child. "Oh god you really are sweaty, let me take off
my jacket at least!" Grash refused, laughing with me.

"Nooo! You mocked my manhood and now you'll suffer for it." Grash moved
his face to mine and our lips met. His hands held me tight in his
embrace, the sensation that I'd come to love. All concern for my clothes
flew out the window, at this point I even enjoyed the manly musk of his
sweat.

As we broke our kiss, I looked around the room. Grash seemed to have
gotten everything in shape in my absence. "All jokes aside, thank you so
much for the moving. I'm grateful." I smiled and kissed him on the
cheek. "I'm glad to have someone so strong to take care of it..."
Flattery always worked.

"It's no problem at all, love." He set me down on the floor and
stretched out his hand to show me the changes. "We have a new coffee
table, I moved the bookcases around, et cetera..."

"Well, you've done a terrific job." I laid a hand around his waist. "And
now, you need to take a shower, ASAP!"

"Come with me, you need one too by now!" Grash pulled me by the hand
toward the bathroom. Despite having practically lived in this apartment
for a month, I was still impressed by the large marble shower and
jacuzzi.

We undressed together, my eyes rested greedily on his massive frame. If
watching him walk was a spectacular show of muscular perfection, seeing
him remove his clothing was pornographic.

I was the first to undress, and went into the shower to turn on the
water. My day hadn't been tiring, but the hot water on my skin still
felt like washing away the years.

I watched as Grash walked toward me, green skin stretched taut over his
bulky frame. Moreover, I could see his humongous manhood swinging like a
pendulum between his legs. He stepped up to me, the stream from above
creating a waterfall over his heavy pectorals. I laid my arms around
him, and rested my head against his chest.

I took a deep breath, taking in the scent of my man. He always exuded a
heady, strong smell, but it was even more potent when he'd been working
all day.

"I've been doing the heavy lifting, but you seem more beat than I do."
Grash rested a hand on my back, holding me to his chest. "Bad day?"

"Not really, I had to show some boring executives around the office.
Mainly, I just missed you." I looked up at his face and smiled.

"Would you like me to do something about that?" He grinned down at me,
casually flexing his muscles. I ran a hand across his arm, copping a
feel of his power. "We can go at it right here, right now if you'd
like..."

I kept running my hands across his body, taking in the sight before me.

"Maybe..." I tweaked one of his nipples with my fingers. "What did you
have in mind?"

Grash laughed and ran his gorilla-sized hands across my back. "Well, I
made dinner reservations for the two of us to celebrate you moving in
here. We'll drink some champagne and toast our life together."

I smiled up at him and hugged his body tighter. "That sounds very
nice..."

He growled in my ear and cupped my backside with his hands. "But before
that, I was thinking I could just have my way with you in here..."

I was not about to argue with that plan.

Grash wasted no time in lifting me up in his arms. I could feel his
monstrous cock coming to life, pressing ominously against my ass. I
noticed a bottle of waterproof 'BEAST' lube standing on one of the
shower shelves, and I handed it to Grash.

"Someone thought ahead..." I laughed and poked a finger against Grash's
muscular chest.

"I did. I have an entire evening planned out for you." Grash winked at
me and squeezed several fat drops of lube onto his fingers, immediately
transferring them to my hole, rubbing it against me.

At first, the orc was content to test my ass with one finger, but soon
his movements grew more forceful, shoving two fingers inside me. I
groaned in pain as he added a third, and finally a forth. Despite the
sedative in the lube, the large invasion still hurt.

Grash walked out of the flow of water and prepared for the main event. I
could feel him slather his enormous manhood in the lube, slicking it up
to ravage my body.

He placed his blunt cockhead at my ass, teasing me with the tip of his
dick.

"How do you want it?" He asked, his voice gravelly.

"Just fuck me..." I whispered back in his ear. I wanted the full, rough
treatment.

Grash crushed his mouth to mine and, with a single stroke, buried his
cockhead inside me. My eyes shot open as white-hot pain seared my ass.
My nails dug into his shoulders and my body fell limp toward his chest.
He kept my head still against his, keeping me quiet as he drove his
manhood into me. Not that my silence would change much, we'd already
received two embarrassing noise complaints from the neighbours.

A minute went by and Grash's cock was finally buried to the hilt in my
painfully throbbing ass. His arms restrained me against his body and he
back me up toward the wall, placing us both under the hot stream of
water once again.

I broke the kiss and stared into his eyes. I knew the pain would soon
subside and be replaced with the exquisite pleasure I'd never get used
to.

"I love you." I raised a hand to stroke the cheek of my lover.

"So do I." Grash rubbed his hands affectionately across my back.
"Ready?" He grinned at me. I nodded my approval and felt his strong
hands begin to raise my body up across his shaft. I could feel every
vein and ripple of his enormous manmeat as it passed through me, until
he finally reached the ridged crown of his manhood.

With a buck of his hips, he drove half of his cock into me once again,
knocking the wind out of me. My head fell to rest on his collarbone, and
Grash steadied me with one hand on my ass and one on my neck.

Once again, he retreated from my hole and drove the glorious shaft home
again. I moaned and whimpered as I felt his bull nuts slam up against my
buttcheeks.

His pace quickened and I could feel the pain receding swiftly. Pleasure
glowed and radiated from his powerful strokes inside me. God, how could
I ever get enough of this? I'd let him pound me into dust if it meant I
could experience a sensation like this.

Rivulets of water flowed over us and drops shook off our bodies with
every masterful stroke of Grash's mammoth, green meat. Soon, he had me
moaning with every stroke, my hands running over his body, trying to
take in the gargantuan form of my orc lover.

"Like this, Grash... Just like this!" I cried out as he reached an
especially rapid pace, grinding my body into a tenderised, beaten mess.
The bathroom mirror had fogged up, but I already knew what it would
show. A small, pale figure being dominated and taken alive by a
monstrous, green beast.

"Be careful..." He slammed home and I yelped in sudden pain. "What you
fucking ask for, Lyon!" Grash growled at me and doubled the force of his
impacts, flattening my body against the wall.

I cried out as the mammoth cock inside me brought on my climax. Any
pretence of keeping quiet long forgotten, I wailed in pleasure as Grash
grunted roughly with every stroke. I knew first-hand how much
satisfaction he took from making me cum hands free, a feat he
accomplished every time. White seed spattered the limited space between
our bodies, flowing down toward the floor to mix with the swirling
water.

Grash kept up the maddening pace, pounding me hard against the wall,
moving his cock in and out of me like a human-sized sex toy. The flowing
water did little to quell the stench emanating from his body, and the
steam filled the room with the heady scent of sex and orc. I breathed
deeply, growing lightheaded at the rich aroma.

I wondered briefly how we were supposed to get to the restaurant, the
punishing pace of Grash's thrusts would ensure that I'd have trouble
walking for hours. I quickly forgot about that particular dilemma when a
particularly powerful stroke embedded Grash's cock deep inside me, and
my lover came with a deafening roar.

Ropes of white heat filled me from the inside as Grash crushed me to his
chest. Just like every time, his monstrous load filled my stomach to
capacity and then some, as large swaths of orc seed leaked out of my
stretched hole to splatter against the marble floor.

My stomach felt so fill it might burst when Grash's orgasm finally
subsided, and I was left clinging to his body as the soothing hot water
cascaded over us.

I'd guessed right about our walk to the restaurant. Even though it
wasn't far, my legs and backside were immensely sore. Grash apologised
but I knew he liked seeing me walk funny. To him it was a way of marking
his territory, and I wasn't against letting him do it, even if it meant
a few hours of discomfort.

All through the evening, the orc was a perfect gentleman. He pulled my
chair out for me, ordered champagne and insisted that he be allowed to
pick up the check. Once again, he enjoyed being "the man", and I wasn't
about to stop him.

When we'd finished our meal and exited the restaurant, we found
ourselves at a loss for what to do. We could go back to the flat, and
I'd probably be in for another two rounds of mind blowing sex, but I
didn't want the evening to end yet. For a while, we simply walked and
enjoyed each other's company.

"You know, I'm convinced that waitress was flirting with you!" I laughed
at how my comment made my boyfriend uncomfortable.

"No, she can't have been. She was just being nice..." He tried to
explain it away.

"Oh really? Sticking her breasts out and giggling whenever you spoke.
She was smitten like a school girl. Probably making voodoo dolls of me
as we speak!" That made Grash laugh.

We were walking through a wooded area of a nearby park, and he suggested
we sit down together on a secluded bench.

Grash laid a heavy arm around me and I snuggled up to his side.

"I really enjoyed this evening, thank you for arranging it." I looked up
at his face and smiled.

"So did I, I'm glad you had a good time." Grash leaned down to kiss me,
but I laid a finger to his lips and stopped him as I heard a strange
noise from the bushes behind us. Grash looked at me, puzzled.

"Are you hearing what I'm hearing?" I whispered, desperately trying to
contain laughter.

"Is that two people..." He asked, trying to listen for the sound again.

"Yes!" I laughed quietly. The sound was obviously that of two people
having sex just a few metres behind us.

Grash bellowed with laughter and I noticed the sound go quiet. Soon
enough, we heard the shuffle of two feet moving away from us.

"I'd like to do that to you..." Grash whispered and I blushed at the
suggestion. "Take you as I want in a public place, letting everyone hear
you."

"Oh stop!" I giggled. Now I was the one acting like a smitten
schoolgirl.

We laughed together and sat in silence for a few minutes until the chill
of the night made us want to return home.

We entered our apartment together and I sat down on the sofa.

"Thank you for tonight, Grash." I smiled at him. "I'll have to make it
up to you." He moved to stand in front of me, reaching down to tilt up
my chin with one hand.

"Anything particular in mind?" He grinned down at me. "Because I can
think of a few "services" you might perform..." At least I'd never have
to worry about his libido.

I placed one hand on the conspicuous bulge in his trousers, squeezing
the dormant beast inside.

"You'd better be careful, Lyon..." Grash started to unbutton his shirt,
revealing the emerald green expanse of his chest and belly. "You just
might get what you wish for, and then some." I could only hope he was
right.

In one fluid motion, Grash unbuttoned his trousers, letting them fall to
the ground alongside his white shirt. As usual, he wore a black, mesh
jockstrap. The pouch was straining to contain his massive package while
the elastic straps tore into his skin, making his ass stand out in an
obscene fashion. I could already see a wet spot forming on the onyx
fabric, and I stuck my tongue out to capture the drops falling from his
manhood.

His entire body twitched as I made contact with the clothing, one strong
hand rubbed the back of my head, gently pressing me toward the scalding
hot lump of orc flesh. My face was crushed to his groin, smearing his
scent all over me, causing my own cock to noticeably tent my pants. I
dragged my tongue over the cloth, bathing it in my saliva and eagerly
lapping up the droplets of potent precum his manhood produced at an
increasing rate.

Hooking my thumbs into the waistband of his jock, I began to unveil my
prize. The green flesh was revealed slowly. Finally released from his
underwear, Grash's cock twitched violently and expelled a fat stream of
sweet liquid, spattering against the floor.

Not fully hard yet, his manhood still covered my entire face. Breathing
raggedly, I rubbed the massive tube against my skin, coating myself in
the pungent scent of orc sweat and precum. I concentrated my efforts on
his nuts, rolling them in my hands and trying desperately to fit one of
the apple-sized bull balls in my mouth. All the while, a constant stream
of clear liquid leaked profusely from his cockhead and onto my face and
hair.

Grash pulled my face away from his now erect cock and held my open mouth
within centimetres of his magnificent orchood. My eyes met his, silently
begging to be allowed more of his male essence.

With one hard stroke, Grash slapped his cock against my face,
splattering pre over my head and clothes. I recoiled from the impact
only to receive another strike to the other cheek.

"Silent begging won't do the trick, Lyon." Grash whispered huskily.
"You'll have to tell me what you want."

"Please, Grash." I asked, sticking my tongue out, attempting to capture
more of the sweet nectar dripping onto the floor.

"Please what?" He growled, eyes narrowed.

"Please let me taste your cock..." I begged, eyes staring up at his
grinning face.

Finally, he released his grip on me and I dove my mouth onto his
cockhead. Using one hand, he squeezed the shaft from the root,
depositing a fat stream of precum into my waiting mouth. I swallowed the
sweet offering in gratitude, working my tongue over his bulbous head,
always wanting more of the divine taste.

I raised my hands to cup his bull nuts, gently squeezing and fondling
them to coax forth more of his liquid arousal. I was rewarded nigh
immediately with several large spurts of sweet, orc precum, filling my
mouth to capacity.

Keeping up my ministrations, I soon noticed Grash's body tensing up. He
looked down at me with narrowed eyes. "Let's get into a better
position."

I stood up and Grash fell onto the couch, spreading his legs wide. In
just a few short seconds, the thick stream of precum from his cockhead
had formed a river down to his balls, resting on the sofa. I sat down on
my knees between his thick thighs and went to work at lapping up the
spillage. Running my hands up and down the shaft, I coated it in the
potent liquid, making the enormous shaft glisten in the light.

Grash laid back in the sofa and scooted his hips forward, letting his
bull balls hang off the side, presenting them for my worship. Eagerly, I
ran my tongue across them while my two hands worked the mammoth shaft
over me.

Moving upwards, I dragged my tongue across the length of his cock and
resumed suckling on his dickhead. I moved my two hands below Grash's
enormous frame, cupping one of his muscular asscheeks in one hand each.
I massaged the giant glutes with my hands, letting my fingers run along
the length of the cleft between the individual globes.

Feeling adventurous, I scooped up a fat drop of his precum with a
finger, and brought it to his hole, rubbing the viscous liquid around
the rim.

Grash moaned and moved his hips forward on the sofa, exposing more of
his ass to me. With one hand on the back of my neck, he manoeuvred my
head to come face to face with the crack of his ass.

"Go for it if you'd like." He whispered. "You'll like it, I promise."

Hesitantly, I used my two hands to pry apart his ass cheeks and took a
sniff. He smelled clean, but with a heady, distinct orc scent. Slowly, I
brought my tongue out, and made contact with his hole, which twitched at
the wet approach.

Encouraged by his moans of pleasure, I increased my efforts, dragging my
tongue along the crack, softly poking my tongue inside him. The strong
hand on the back of my head pushed me forward, and my entire face was
shoved against his muscular ass. My head was surrounded by powerful, orc
muscles, and I drove my tongue into him. The taste and scent was
stronger than anywhere else on his body, and I eagerly drank in his
presence.

For a whole ten minutes, Grash's powerful hand kept my face locked to
his ass while his cock drooled rivers of precum over his balls and onto
my head. Eventually my jaw began to ache from the effort, and he
released his grip.

I gasped for air as my face was pulled free. My hair was matted with his
precum and my face was flushed bright red.

"Gods, you're so fucking hot when you worship me..." Grash growled at
me, breath ragged from lust. He winked at me and lifted his legs up. "I
want your cock in me, Lyon."

I was struck dumb by the request, I'd never even considered topping him.

"Are you sure?" I asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Chickening out?" Grash grinned at me, his asshole twitching.

Quickly, I went about stepping out of my clothes. Meanwhile, Grash had
changed his position to lie down over the length of the couch. Watching
me undress, he squeezed out a palmful of precum from his still rock-hard
cock and used two fingers to liberally coat his hole in lube.

Free from my clothing, I climbed onto the couch and lined my painfully
hard dick up with his hole.

"Come on, Lyon. Shove it in me..." Grash coaxed me on as he held his
legs spread wide.

Slowly, I eased my cock inside him. His larger body size made the entry
surprisingly easy, and soon my pelvis rested against his body. I threw
my head back and moaned as I felt his ass muscles contract around my
cock. It took all my concentration to not shoot my load immediately, and
once the initial shock of entry had worn off, I withdrew my cock and
shoved it back in again.

On withdrawal, the perverse size difference was obvious in every way.
His thick, muscular thighs framed my entire, lithe body. My cock and
balls, not bad in size for a human, were like an underdeveloped child's
in comparison to his gruesomely large package.

Leering, Grash used his strong legs to curl around my midsection and
press my body to his. I fell forward onto his belly, my head resting
against his pectorals. Consumed by the pleasurable contractions, I
punched my cock into him, provoking a rumbling groan from the massive
orc beneath me. His arms held me steady against his chest,
affectionately rubbing my hair. I stayed still for a while, afraid of
cumming too soon. My staying power was nothing compared to his. All the
while, I could feel Grash's massive cock twitching against my stomach,
releasing fat drops of precum with every jerk.

I began to slowly thrust in and out of his warm hole, coaxed on by
Grash's moans of pleasure. My hands were clasped around his body, not
even close to being able to lock around his monstrous frame.

I didn't last long, despite trying to prolong the moment as much as
possible. With a loud moan, my cock twitched inside his straining hole,
spilling my seed into him. As my climax subsided, I lay still against
his chest, weak from the sensation.

After a minute, I removed my now flaccid cock from his asshole, the
pucker closing quickly. Our bodies were both coated in Grash's precum,
like bodybuilders oiled up before a competition.

His arms still around me, Grash sat up, placing me in his lap. He tilted
my head up to his and moved his lips to mine. Eyes closed, his tongue
swirled over my lips before plunging into my mouth. I could feel his
erection twitching between our bodies as I straddled his lap. I moved
one hand down to grasp the fat cockhead, rubbing it slowly.

His tongue still plundering my mouth, Grash stood up from the sofa and
lifted me with him, cradling me in his embrace. One of his hands moved
down to feel my hole. I was still loose from the earlier reaming I had
received, and one of his fingers easily slipped inside.

He broke the kiss and walked us toward the bedroom. Gently, he lay me
down on my stomach on the bed, and crawled on top of me, covering my
body with his massive brawn.

"You just lie still and let me take care of you properly, buddy..." He
whispered in my ear and flicked his tongue against my neck. I nodded my
consent and raised my ass to meet the giant head of his cock.

Rather than enter me straight away, Grash moved his body down until his
face was against my hole.

"My turn." He growled and dove his face into my ass. His tusks poked at
the tender flesh of my buttcheeks and I yelped in surprise as his long,
pointed tongue penetrated me. Two strong hands at my hips held me in an
iron grip as his oral limb violated my ass. The size of his tongue was
equal to that of an average human dick, and the strokes he exerted had
me moaning in pleasure in no time. This was just a warmup to the main
event, however, and after a few minutes of eating my ass, Grash withdrew
from my hole, leaving me flushed and panting.

He shuffled his large body up to straddle my ass, his manhood sandwiched
between the globes of my ass. He thrust his cock up and down the crack
several times, slicking me up with his precum. Finally, he draped his
body over mine and lined up his cock with my hole.

Slowly, he drove his orchood into me. Our earlier romp alongside the
generous preparation had me well stretched, and soon enough I could feel
his fat nuts resting atop my smaller ones.

Our height difference meant that his head was above mine, and instead of
kissing me, Grash opted to shove two of his large fingers in my mouth.
As I suckled on the two digits, he withdrew his cock from me completely,
before shoving it all the way in again.

I shivered and moaned in pleasure. It mystified me that he'd ask me to
play the top when he was, obviously, the more capable man.

Neither of us lasted long this time around. Groaning deeply, Grash
buried his heavy manhood inside of me, smothering my small body against
the mattress as he took what he wanted.

I could feel his shaft jerking inside me as ropes of his seed spattered
against my insides, generously filling me with his cum.

The sensation kickstarted my own orgasm, my tired body stiffened as I
spilled my seed into the bedsheets. Grash held my body to his as his
monumental climax continued well after mine. Laying a hand on my
stomach, I could feel the vibrations as his steely hard weapon shot load
after load into me, bloating my body with his thick, orc cream.

His heavy body on top of me ensured that each and every drop of his seed
stayed inside me, and when his orgasm finally subsided I could feel the
liquid sloshing around inside me, warming me from the inside.

I tilted my head up, slightly uncomfortable in our present position, and
looked up at his face. Droplets of sweat fell from his brow and he
smiled at me.

"Mind if we stay like this a while?" He asked, grinning at me.

"No. I don't mind." I laid my head down on the pillow, and Grash placed
his own head above mine. With his body on top of mine, cradling me in
his bulk, I felt safe and contented.
