Lyon and the Orc

Pt.5

*This story is set in a world not unlike ours. However, humans share the
planet with another species, the orcs. The two peoples waged frequent
wars on one another in the past, but peace has now reigned for over one
hundred years and they live in relative harmony. Old prejudices die
hard, however, and not everyone approves of the two races intermingling,
making relationships come under frequent strain.*

*This chapter will mark the end of this story. I wasn't sure that there
should ever be a fifth instalment, but I couldn't bear to leave it
without a proper "happily ever after".*

I'd never been much for nightclubs, but this time I'd found a niche I
could enjoy. "Army Of Lovers" came blaring from the speakers as a crowd
of heated bodies ground against each other to the rhythm. Unlike most of
the crowd, I wasn't there to find a partner for the night. I already had
one dancing behind me.

"I thought you said you hated nightclubs?" Grash said, his hands holding
me close to his chest while we danced.

"I'm full of surprises!" I yelled back, turning to face my partner. "I
may have a few left for you still, you'll find out in due course!"

We danced together for hours, the disco-themed club playing perfectly
into my mood that evening. By the end, we were both soaked with sweat,
our matching white t-shirts clinging like latex to our bodies. Luckily,
the summer night was pleasantly warm as we walked home together.

"Enjoy yourself tonight?" I asked, looking up at Grash as we walked side
by side.

"I did, it's been ages since I went dancing," He responded, laying an
arm around my shoulders.

"Shower before bed?" Grash asked, peeling the t-shirt from his chest and
walking toward the bathroom. I couldn't help but admire the view of his
broad back, brilliant green skin stretched taut over thick muscles.

"Good idea, I changed the sheets earlier," I responded, following his
lead. I dressed down to my underwear and followed him into the bathroom.
As I entered, Grash was bent over at the waist stuffing laundry into the
washing machine. It was a glorious sight. His backside was framed
perfectly by a black jockstrap, the pouch of which could barely contain
his massive genitals. "How is it that everything you do is so fucking
*erotic?*" I teased him, leaning against the doorframe. "If you look
this good doing the laundry, imagine the money you could make as a
stripper. Ever considered a change of profession?"

"I briefly considered it," Grash said as he stood up and walked toward
me. "But then I reached the conclusion that it's for your eyes only..."
I stretched out one hand and laid it against his broad chest.

"There's a decision I'm certainly thankful for..." I responded, admiring
the vast expanse of orc before me. I'd always loved the way his body was
undeniably muscular, yet not as tightly defined as the people who spent
hours in the gym, it gave him both the intimidating aura that I liked as
well as a certain softness.

"Would you object to sharing me?" Grash asked, at once a bit more
serious. I blinked, a bit taken aback by the question.

"Well," I began, not quite sure how to answer. "With the right person I
could be convinced to try it." I ran my hand down his stomach. "I think
I've earned the right to be a bit greedy in that respect, though..."

"You certainly have, Lyon," Grash said, running his hand through my
hair. "Since I own you," He brought his face close to mine. "It's only
right that you own me, too." I leaned forward to plant a kiss on his
lips.

"Well then, Grash. Your owner has an order for you," I said, letting my
hands fall down to grip his waist. "Take off your clothes and get in the
shower." He laughed and gave a mock salute as he stepped out of his
underwear and headed for the large shower booth.

I took a moment to put the rest of my clothes in the washing machine,
then joined Grash in the shower. Once again, I thanked my lucky star
that we had such a large shower. As much as I enjoyed the idea of being
pressed tight against my orc partner, I simply wasn't good about sharing
hot water.

"You know something I'm really torn about right now?" Grash asked as I
was reaching for the soap.

"What?" I replied, reaching up to wash his back.

"I really want to make love to you tonight, but I think I danced all my
energy away..." I laughed and rested my head against his back.

"I think you can be excused for one night, Grash." I replied, hugging
him from behind. "Besides, I think I'm about to fall asleep myself." I
resumed my task of rubbing my hands against his back, a task I enjoyed
thoroughly despite being tired.

Our neighbours were no doubt grateful that we didn't take long in the
shower. On more than one occasion we'd run out of hot water. I blamed it
on Grash's unnatural stamina, he blamed it on me provoking him into
making love with me. I suspected there was a ring of truth to both
explanations.

"I will never get tired of this," I said as we crawled under the covers
together. Grash stretched out his arms and drew me into an embrace,
which I heartily accepted. "I love you," I said, laying my head on his
arm.

"I love you too," Grash said, barely finishing the sentence before
yawning heavily. We both closed our eyes and began to drift off to
sleep.

Before my consciousness faded completely, however, I made up my mind on
what to do the day after. I'd been waiting for a perfect opportunity,
but I realised I couldn't hold off any longer.

"You're up very early for a Sunday..." I turned around as I was
buttoning my shirt to see the sleepy form of my beloved in our bed.

"I have a few errands to run," I said, walking over to the bedside. "I'd
hoped not to wake you, love."

"Come back to bed, Lyon..." Grash took hold of my hand, smiling at me
with half-closed eyes.

"You can sleep in if you want to, I'll gladly spend as much time there
as you want a bit later." I leaned forward to kiss him on the cheek,
freeing my hand from his in the process.

"I'll hold you to that promise, see you later." Grash mumbled and closed
his eyes once again.

He did have a point, it was quite early for me to be up and about on a
Sunday. It was only half past nine in the morning, we'd made a habit of
staying in bed until at least eleven. Nevertheless, I had things to take
care of.

I'd like to say I spent most of the day running important errands, but
the truth is I was putting off the most important part. I could blame it
on simply running late or taking my time, but I was just being nervous.

After three hours wandering the streets, I finally had enough and
decided to get it done. My first stop was a liquor store. Although my
own interest in the fruit of the vine was negligible, I shared my life
with a wine connoisseur. I'd done my research ahead of time so I already
knew what to buy: two very expensive bottles with French names I
couldn't possibly hope to pronounce. Having secured the possibility of
an evening getting drunk on the finer things in life, I moved on to my
next target: a jewellery store.

Yet another area in which I wasn't well versed. At least in this
respect, Grash and I were on equal terms. None of us ever wore any
rings, necklaces or other trinkets that adorned the bodies of so many
others. I wanted something simple and not too expensive. Luckily the
store had just what I was looking for. A band of gold studded with a
single emerald. I figured the green precious stone was only appropriate.

Wincing inwardly at the cost, I paid and left the store. I walked home
in a daze, trying furiously to figure out what to say later. Mercifully,
I was alone once I got home. I presumed that Grash had gone out to buy
groceries for dinner as he usually did. Looking over the several bags
I'd brought home with me, I decided to stuff them away in my closet,
ready to bring out later. After eating a light salad for lunch, I spent
the remainder of my day doing nothing. I briefly considered going out
again but decided that I'd rather use my time taking a nap on the couch.

I was jolted awake by the feeling of a hand against my shoulder.
Slamming my eyes open I noticed Grash standing by the sofa.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you," He said, slowly stroking my arm.

"No it's fine, I must've had a bad dream or something..." I said, slowly
standing up.

"You don't usually take naps," Grash said, laying an arm across my
shoulders, pulling me toward him.

"No, I don't, leaves a bad taste in my mouth," I closed my eyes and
rested my head against his broad chest. Grash laughed but I interrupted
him. "I can already hear the dirty joke about that, so don't even try."

"Aww, spoilsport," Grash said and hugged me closer. We stood in silence
for a few minutes. I didn't always reflect upon it but the sound of his
heartbeat and the familiar smell radiating off his body was calming like
nothing else to me. "You look like you're about to fall asleep again,
want to lie down for a while?" He asked while rubbing his hand across my
back.

"I'd rather have some coffee I think," I answered and yawned again. "I
could really use an energy boost." I didn't even have time to finish my
sentence before I felt two strong arms grab my body and lift me upwards.
The massive orc's habit of carrying me around had been mildly annoying
at first, but now it only felt natural. I locked my arms around his neck
and stretched up to kiss his cheek while Grash walked us to the kitchen.
He sat me down on the kitchen counter next to the coffee maker and went
about brewing up two cups.

Once the coffee was finished we sat down together at the kitchen table.
"So what did you do today? Anything special?" Grash asked before taking
a sip of his coffee. I briefly froze in place, considering what to say.
'*Screw it,*' I thought. '*I should just do this.*'

"I can show you, just wait here," I answered. Grash had a puzzled look
on his face but didn't move. I walked over to my closet to retrieve the
day's purchases. Walking back, I took a deep breath before sitting down.
"So," I began, fidgeting nervously in my seat. "You know how our
relationship began with you kind of assaulting me in a restaurant
bathroom?" Grash raised an eyebrow but didn't otherwise respond. "Which
was perfectly lovely in retrospect," I took a sip of my coffee and tried
to calm my rapidly overheating nerves. "And very proactive of you."

Grash opened his mouth to speak but I interrupted him. "Let me finish,
please." He crossed his arms and looked quizzically at me. "And it came
to me that you really were the one who started our life together, at
times it felt like I was really just along for the ride." That last part
didn't seem to go over well, and I quickly tried to correct it. "I don't
mean that as something against you, really I don't." I sighed and stuck
my hand in my pocket, grabbing the small velvet clad box I'd hid from
him. "I'm really not good at this so I'd better just get it out
quickly." I put down the box on the table and opened the lid, revealing
a sparkle of gold and emerald. "It's about time I took the initiative.
Will you marry me?" My voice nearly failed as I could barely get the
last part out as a whisper. I stared intently at Grash, the normally
stoic orc seemingly struck by lightning.

"Did you buy this today?" He asked in a quiet voice, sitting perfectly
still in his chair.

"Yeah, I've put it off for weeks now..." I responded while nervously
weaving my fingers together. "So?" Grash stood slowly as I asked,
steadying himself with one hand against the table.

"You really got me there, Lyon." He said. I held my breath. "Yes," I
exhaled sharply in relief. "Of course, I will!"

I stood up from my chair and walked right into his open arms. I craned
my neck up and our lips met. For once Grash didn't kiss me with his
usual ferocity. It felt strangely different, but then again something
had changed between us. "I love you so much," I whispered, hugging him
close.

"I thought I'd be the first to ask," Grash said, his hands rubbing
affectionately against my back. "I even had the beginnings of a plan
worked out."

"What was your plan?" I asked while tilting my neck up to meet his eyes.
"I hope it was better than my improvised idea."

"Well," He began, smiling down at me. "I thought I'd take you out to
dinner and ask you on our way home," I closed my eyes and rested my head
against his chest. "I also thought about surprising you one night in
bed."

"You're a much better romantic than I am," I said, laughing quietly.

"You have your moments," He said, bending down to kiss my forehead. We
stood in silence for a while, just enjoying each other's company. "I
guess we'll have some planning to do?"

Three months later,
