Lyon and the Orc

Pt.4

*This story is set in a world not unlike ours. However, humans share the
planet with another species, the orcs. The two peoples waged frequent
wars on one another in the past, but peace has now reigned for over one
hundred years and they live in relative harmony. Old prejudices die
hard, however, and not everyone approves of the two races intermingling,
making relationships come under frequent strain.*

"What time is it...?" I stretched my weary body, squinting against the
morning sunlight filtering through the drawn curtains.

I felt the mattress sink down beside me and two heavy arms drawing me
against a wall of muscle beside me. "It's early still, you can sleep in
some more..." My lover whispered with his face buried in my neck.

I closed my eyes, enjoying the warm presence behind me. "Then why are
you awake?" I mumbled, half asleep still.

"No reason, but I like watching you sleep." I smiled and drew Grash's
arms tighter around me.

When I opened my eyes once more, the time had passed. I was faced with
the unfamiliar sensation of two weeks with nothing to do. Having worked
every Saturday and Sunday for months, I'd hardly been home except to
sleep. Finally, the big project I had been assigned to work on was
finished, and I could take a well-earned vacation.

I'd debated Grash for weeks over where we should go, the orc wanted to
go hiking but I was more inclined to spend my days lying on a beach.

"Can an orc even get a tan?" I'd asked him over dinner once. He'd burst
out laughing, nearly coughing up the wine we were drinking. "It's just
that I've never actually seen much diversity in skin colour, sorry if
it's a stupid question!" I laughed with him.

"If you so badly want to spend a week lying on the sand and soaking up
the sun we can do that, and you'll get a first-hand account..." Grash
winked at me.

Three weeks later, we had rented a private bungalow in Hawaii,
surrounded by nothing but ocean and palm trees.

Today felt like the first day of the rest of our lives.

Grash had fallen asleep once more, sprawled out on the bed with the
covers draped over his midsection. I rose from the bed and spent a
moment admiring the view. His skin had a light sheen of sweat, I'd have
to remember to turn up the air conditioning.

I walked through the empty house, floorboards creaking beneath my feet.
The resort we stayed at was advertised as catering to "open-minded
couples", which in real-world terms meant that we were far from the only
Orc/Human couple on the island. All the services the resort provided
were adjusted as such, a fact that became evident the moment I opened
the fridge. We'd paid extra to have food delivered, and the amount
provided was nothing short of ludicrous.

Grabbing eggs, bacon and juice, I set about making breakfast for the two
of us. While frying the bacon, I heard heavy thuds of footsteps behind
me.

"We should have brought that apron with us..." Grash said and wrapped
his arms around me.

I laughed while flipping the slices of bacon around. "Knowing this
resort there's probably something like it in the gift shop!"

Grash leaned down and rested his head on my shoulder. "We ought to get
something like it then, you know I enjoy seeing you wear it..." His
hands wandered down my naked abdomen, casually groping at my exposed
body. "You know what I noticed yesterday?"

"What?" I took the frying pan off the stove and turned around. Grash had
me cornered against the stove, leaning down with his arms on either side
of my body.

"There aren't any other houses around here..." I raised an eyebrow,
smiling at him. "We can do whatever we want, and no one would know."
Before the day was through, he'd be sure to test exactly what he could
get away with in that respect. I leaned forward and crushed my lips to
his. Putting two hands on his chest, I pushed him away slowly.

"You can put that to the test later, I need some breakfast..." I took
the plates of food I'd laid out and carried them outside. The sun was
already high in the sky, bathing the island in the sweltering Pacific
heat. The house had a set of tables and chairs outside, thankfully
shaded by a large umbrella. I grabbed a shirt I'd left outside the day
earlier, trying to preserve some modesty, and sat down.

"Covering up already?" Grash stood in the doorway, he'd had other
thoughts as he had undressed completely. He sat down next to me, legs
spread wide, lewdly showing off his body.

"Not worried someone will see you?" I looked at him and stuffed a fried
egg in my mouth.

"Haven't you noticed? We're completely alone around here." Grash leered
at me. "It's for your eyes only..."

I rolled my eyes and continued eating. I didn't really mind, Grash had
the goods to show off, and he was liable to jump me at any point
regardless of his state of undress.

We ate in relative silence, the orc's plan to butter me up had failed
momentarily. With breakfast finished, I prepared for the main event of
the day: relaxing on the beach. I'd bought a few books, had a list of
podcasts to catch up on, and no emails to read.

Grash had gotten a head start on me, which answered my earlier question;
orcs, as it turned out, did not need sunscreen. While I slathered the
white cream across my office-tanned body, I looked for my swimming
shorts. I found them stashed on top of a tall cabinet in the bedroom. I
didn't need to think long about how they got there. I briefly considered
finding a chair to stand on to get them, before I realised the extent of
my prude behaviour.

"Oh fuck it..." I laughed quietly, and strolled onto the beach, naked as
the day I was born, armed with a novel in one hand and a bottle of water
in the other.

Grash had already laid out a towel for the two of us, and he looked up
when he saw me approach.

"That's the spirit, Lyon!" He smiled and took a swig from his water
bottle. I wasn't about to protest, but I'd get my revenge on him
somehow.

I lay down beside him, my body comically smaller than his. I looked at
his face through my sunglasses, peering into his eyes. "Now tell me
you'd prefer sweating through some forest in the pacific northwest..." I
teased him and playfully punched his shoulder. "Nothing beats relaxing
in the sun, and you know it."

"All said and done, I think you win..." Grash smiled and ran a hand
through the smooth sand. "This trip was a good idea."

I busied myself with the paperback book I'd brought with me, some
mindless romance piece about two college kids in New York. Hours passed
as we decompressed side by side, I'd had no idea until now how much I
needed some time of uninterrupted rest. After a while, the heat had
gotten the better of me, and I could feel beads of sweat dripping from
my brow. I looked over at Grash, who suffered much the same
complication. Droplets of moisture clung to his emerald green skin,
small prisms shattering light about.

"You want to cool off a bit?" I said, sitting up on the towel. The ocean
spread out before us, an endless expanse of blue. I stood up and walked
slowly toward the water's edge, and heard Grash get up behind me.

Just as my feet were about to touch the water, I felt the wind being
knocked out me as two large arms encircled my body and lifted me into
the air. Grash manoeuvred me swiftly to cradle me in his embrace. He
laughed at my shocked expression and waded quickly through the water.

"You realise it's only a matter of time before I find a way to get back
at you, right?" I poked a finger at his chest, taunting him.

"Oh yeah?" Grash cracked a tusked smile and kept walking steadily into
the ocean. "I shudder at the thought of the horror you'll inflict on me,
Lyon!"

"Honestly, it'll be closer to minor discomfort, but I'll figure
something out, don't you worry." I couldn't help but laugh.

The water was high enough to barely cover Grash's chest at this point,
he held me submerged to my shoulders. "Were you going to let me swim for
myself anytime soon?" I asked, folding my arms underwater.

"Why? I enjoy holding you too much..." Grash tightened his arms around
me.

"Not afraid your arms will get tired eventually?" I knew beforehand that
the question was ridiculous. His expression confirmed it for me.

"I could carry you around for a week and not get tired, Lyon." His voice
was unexpectedly serious. "And I will if it convinces you..." He used
one hand to stroke my cheek and I smiled up at him.

"As uncomfortable as that would be, I'd probably let you..." I wrapped
one arm around his broad chest, snuggling my head against his massive
frame. "If anyone saw us right now they'd think you were baptising
me..." We laughed together for a moment, then stood in silence. I
listened to the slow rhythm of his heartbeat, his hand softly stroking
my hair.

The water was at a perfect temperature, the kind where you can't
distinguish between your own skin and the water. Grash looked down at
me, still smiling. "Would you like to do some swimming on your own?" He
poked my chest with one thick finger.

"I'm fine like this, Grash..." I hugged my body close to his. I didn't
need to look to see him grinning in contentment.

"I wouldn't let go anyway, but it's a nice plus that you'll let me..."
Grash said while tightening his grip possessively.

Two hours later, I was back on the beach soaking up the sun. Grash had
cooked lunch for the two of us and stayed behind in the house to wash
up. The warmth of the sun and the softness of the sand had lulled me to
sleep in short order, and I did not notice a large shadow falling on my
body and heavy footsteps approaching. The next thing I knew, a heavy
weight covered my body and I was jolted awake.

"Sshh, It's only me..." I looked up and saw the face of my lover as he
lowered his body onto mine.

"What are you doing?" I asked, raising a hand to take off my sunglasses.

"You looked like you needed some action..." The hulking orc above me
growled. We were both naked still, and I could feel every inch of his
bulging muscles as his green skin contrasted against mine.

"Grash, we're out in the open! Anyone could see us!" I tried to squirm
out from under him, but the weight on top of me kept me pinned.

The lusty orc lowered his head to mine, touching our foreheads together.
"So? You've seen the guests at this resort, right? Full of orcs with
their *little* human companions..." His eyes bored into mine, I was too
shocked to answer. "I promise you, we wouldn't have to go far to find a
human bending over for green cock in their ass..."

"I'm not sure..." I stammered, my voice barely a whisper. My body was
betraying me, however. I could feel the waves of arousal brought on by
the feeling of Grash's heavy manhood against my smaller one.

Grash lifted his weight from mine and straddled my body. "Turn over.
Now." He ordered, groping his rapidly inflating orc cock. I obeyed. At
this point, I couldn't bring myself to say no.

"Good boy..." Grash moved down, rubbing the twin globes of my ass with
his large hands. "All that talk about getting *revenge* on me, you're
all talk and no action, Lyon," Grash said as he probed the cleft of my
ass with one of his fingers.

"You only-" I exhaled heavily as his single digit penetrated me. He
hadn't bothered to get any lube. Bastard. "-think so. I'll find some
way."

Truth be told I wouldn't find a way. His antics drove me mad, but I
liked it too much. Spending so much time with an orc whose sex drive
rivalled that of a drugged nymphomaniac had rubbed off on me. Besides,
he enjoyed it when I pretended to resist.

"We'll see about that," Grash said. "I know you can't resist the
opportunity to get railed by *this*." He punctuated his sentence by
slapping his heavy dick against my ass, thrusting it slowly against me.
"But you haven't been too difficult, and I'm generous, so I'll make the
entry a bit easier for you."

He pulled me up by my hips into a presenting position. One hand on my
back ensured my head stayed pressed against the ground.

"You're really hoping someone will come along and see this, aren't you?"
I grumbled, aching to let him have his way with me, but determined to at
least question his judgment a bit.

I never got a response as Grash shoved his face into my ass, instantly
spearing me with the tip of his tongue.

I moaned and clutched the towel beneath me as his face laved over my
hole, expertly stretching me for the main event still to come. His sharp
tusks pressed against the smooth skin of my behind while his tongue
pressed insistently against my prostate, making my cock jump to
attention.

With one hand still clutching my hip, holding me steady against his
face, Grash moved his other hand to rub against the shaft of my dick. I
was onto his plan, he wanted me panting in desperation before he
satisfied his own urges. I guess that was his interpretation of
"generous". It worked, of course. In short order, I was crying out his
name and shoving my back quarters against his face.

"Had enough already?" Grash said. He pulled off my ass and wiped his
mouth on his forearm. I could see his monumental erection bobbing
between his legs. His self-control was exemplary at times, so long as it
meant making me lose mine.

"Give me your fucking worst, Grash," I challenged him. "Let me in on
some of that *action* you talked about..."

"My worst?" Grash cocked an eyebrow, his mouth drawn into a smirk. "I'll
fuck you unconscious if that's what you want..." His hand moved down to
cup my chin before abruptly pulling my body against his. My head was
twisted to the side while my back was pressed against his chest.

"You heard me," I said, my hands moving down to cop a feel of his steely
manhood pressed against my asscheeks.

With one arm wrapped around my chest, Grash pulled his hips back and
placed the head of his dark green cock against my distended hole. He
pressed his lips against mine and just as soon as I opened my mouth to
take him in, my lower body exploded in pain. With a single, brutal
thrust, Grash's enormous cock was buried inside me.

I was unable to even scream, the shock to my system was so great. He
held me still with my back pressed against his chest, one hand rubbing
circles over my stomach, emphasising the faint bulge of his manhood
inside me. Grash's lips stayed pressed against mine, his tongue
plundering my mouth without any resistance from my part.

With slow, measured movements, Grash thrust in and out of me, moving
only a fraction of an inch every time. My eyes were wide open, unseeing.
His were opposite mine, staring with a burning intensity at my stunned
face.

My body was supported by his strong arms around me, my muscles were weak
in shock. I'd asked for his worst and he'd given it to me.

"Regret that decision yet, Lyon?" Grash said in mock pity, one finger
stroking my cheek. I managed to shake my head in defiance, fiercely
determined not to have him break me. It wasn't the first time I'd egged
him on to take me violently. The last time he'd left me a shivering
wreck, sexually satisfied but utterly humiliated. The only thing in
worse condition than me was the bed we'd broken in the process. I knew
I'd pull through and enjoy it, the initial pain was a small price to
pay.

"Sure?" Grash leered at me, gripping my now limp dick between two
fingers. "You can still tell me to go gentle on you... I know how
*fragile* you are."

I coughed and regained my composure.

"I thought I asked for you to fuck me?" My voice was barely a whisper.
"I didn't have a conversation in mind." I managed to wink at him, a
signal to tell him to go ahead.

With a roar, Grash pulled his cock from my hole, only to shove it in
again. He knocked the wind out of me with one thrust and repeated the
same action only moments later. My eyes fluttering shut, I was vaguely
aware that I was being manoeuvred to lay down on my stomach once again,
my arms pinned above me.

It didn't take long for the pain inside me to begin subsiding. By now
I'd gotten used to the experience of a massive orc on top of me, I was
stretched out permanently.

With every brutal shove of Grash's weapon into me, I could feel the
secondary pain of his apple-sized balls slapping against my smaller
ones. That, however, did little to stifle my body's reaction to the
harsh treatment. Grash had gripped my dick in one of his mammoth hands
and was stroking me in rhythm to his thrusts inside me.

In short order, he brought on my climax. To my continual humiliation,
his rough treatment of my frail body never failed to satisfy me. Moaning
helplessly, my load was spent between my stomach and the soft, white
sand. All the while, Grash ruthlessly pummelled my body into submission.
I could feel his body tense in a momentary lapse of his measured thrusts
as my ass spasmed against his cock, even though his staying power
ensured he wouldn't finish anytime soon.

"Had enough yet, Lyon?" Grash whispered, his mouth against my ear. My
mouth lay open, panting breathlessly with the relentless onslaught
against my body. "Not that it matters, you're still breathing, so I have
some work to do..." He swiped his tongue against the lobe of my ear,
eliciting shivers down my spine.

Satisfied that I'd lost all pretence of resistance, Grash picked up the
pace, bent on grinding every bone in my body to dust. My hands, pinned
above my head, grasped at the sand in a futile effort to rearrange my
body. Meanwhile, my legs were locked apart by Grash's thickly muscled
thighs, leaving me entirely at his mercy.

With every stroke of his giant manhood into me, the air was forced out
of my body in high-pitched gasps. The sounds I made couldn't even be
described as moans, Grash had fucked the ability to form coherent sounds
out of me. For the time being, I could do nothing but desperately hang
on for the ride.

In short order, Grash's violent pounding combined with his hands
ruthlessly stroking my tired cock brought me to orgasm once again. Tears
fell from my eyes as Grash forced my body to yet another traumatising
climax. I could feel my muscles tense in his unforgiving grip, until I
fell slack against the sand.

Satisfied with my humiliation, Grash slowly pulled his dick out of me
and let go of my arms. I looked back to find him sneering in
contentment. One of his hands idly stroked the massive phallus he
commanded so expertly, coaxing forth a stream of slick precum from the
tip.

"Let's get you into a better position, shall we?" Grash said, helping me
turn my body over onto my back. I rubbed my sore wrists, still breathing
heavily from the exertion. With slow movements, Grash slid his arms
under my back and lifted me into an embrace. I locked my legs around his
waist, sitting down in his lap. I looked up at his face, greeted with a
smile. "Enjoy yourself?" Grash brushed my matted hair away from my face.

"Sure did," I said, my voice hoarse and gravelly.

"Glad to hear it." Our lips met in a slow kiss. My hands were locked
around Grash's thick neck, slowly rubbing his soft skin.

Pulling away, I let my hands rub down his body, cupping one of his
massive pectorals in one hand.

"I can't help but notice you never finished, though." I winked at him,
earning a slow laugh.

"And you complain that *I'm* insatiable..." Grash cupped my behind with
one of his hands. I could feel his erection still throbbing against my
naked skin. "You up for some more?"

"Just go a bit slower this time..." I leaned in to kiss him again as
Grash slowly moved the head of his dick to line up with my loose hole.
In a single, prolonged movement, he sank the massive piece of orcish
meat into me. I let out a soft whimper as he bottomed out, the globes of
my ass resting against his dark green balls.

He began a series of tender movements in and out of me. This time, I
worked with him. I raised my body up and down the thick shaft, impaling
myself willingly. My eyes were closed but I could picture the arousal
playing across his face as I squeezed the walls of my hole around the
invading orc cock.

If the previous phase of our mating had been a violent firestorm, this
part was a slow-burning heat. My face was buried in the crook of his
neck, pressed against his sweaty skin. Grash's strong arms around me
moved my body in quiet determination, building to a mutual climax.

With a drawn-out moan, I felt Grash's entire body tense up like a metal
coil wound tightly. Warmth exploded within me at the same time as his
mouth descended on mine. His balls, resting against the smooth cheeks of
my ass, were drawn up tight against his taint, working tirelessly to
stuff his gargantuan load into my tight body. I realised only afterwards
that I came at the exact same time. In short order, the torrent of orc
seed proved too much for my body to contain, and thick ropes broke the
seal created by his mammoth shaft.

As our respective climaxes subsided, we stayed in the same position for
several minutes. My arms were wrapped around Grash's neck, his held my
body to his. He was panting in exertion, and so was I. Finally, I
decided to break the silence.

"At least there's nothing to clean up this time..." I laughed
breathlessly. Grash rolled his eyes and rubbed his hands across my back.
"I really do love you, you know that?"

"Yeah, I do." Grash smiled back at me.

"You want to take another swim?" I disengaged myself from Grash's arms,
standing up on shaky legs. Turning my back to my lover and walking
toward the ocean, I felt a sharp slap to my ass. "You brute!" I called
back and kept walking.

Wading into the ocean, Grash joined me at my side. I briefly considered
challenging him to see who could swim faster, but the likelihood of him
cheating by simply picking me up was very high. Besides, I was
exhausted. A nap was clearly called for.

We cleaned up together and made our way back to the house. Laying down
on the bed, I fell asleep almost immediately.

When I later awoke, it was early evening. Grash had busied himself by
reading. Watching his huge hands trying to handle a tiny paperback book
was always amusing to me.

"I should buy your favourite novels in extra large editions for
Christmas," I said, and sat down beside him on the sofa.

"Not my fault that all the publishers only consider your little hands
when they print books..." Grash laughed and put the book down. "Racial
discrimination if ever I saw it!"

"You should run for congress, love." I patted him on the back, putting
on a mock expression of seriousness. "Across our country, large hands
are struggling with small books! Help me make the changes necessary to
bring the joy of reading to everyone!"

"Vote G for Grash this November!" We laughed together and I leaned
against his arm.

"Yeah, you might need a better platform than book size to get
elected..."

"Oh, like what?" Grash studied my face.

"Well, how about you tell me your ideas for dinner and we'll see about
getting you in charge of that?"

"See I thought I already handled that! Are you planning a coup, Lyon?"
He poked my chest, smiling broadly. "Because we don't take kindly to
treason here!"

"Alright, point taken!" I laughed, holding his hand. "Still though, you
must've worked up an appetite."

Dragging the massive orc to his feet, we set about making dinner for the
two of us. Grash did most of the work, though only because he insisted
on it. I was happy to take a back seat. My responsibility became
entertaining him while he cooked. He had requested that I "belly dance
for me or something", but I settled on putting on music and
complimenting his cooking instead.

The sun was setting by the time dinner was finished. We ate outside,
sitting in front of the house and gazing down toward the beach. I'd
gotten my wish for a quiet holiday, not another living soul was in
sight.

We remained that way until darkness fell, listening to the cicadas
serenading the nightfall.
