*Synopsis: Orc/Human long-distance relationship.*

*Martin (Human) and Urag (Orc) are finally together as the Human comes
to visit his boyfriend. The two have met only once previously, but grew
close over the internet.*

Martin Rolandsen; Human, 1.80m, slim build, 23 y/o. Martin wears
thick-rimmed black glasses, keeps his long blonde hair straightened.

Urag Ga'Kronn; Orc, 2.2m, large build, 26 y/o. Urag wears contact lenses
(occasionally glasses), his hair is closely cropped though in the past
he wore it longer.

Twist of Fate

"Only one night left," Urag muttered to himself. Every evening he
crossed off another day in the almanac, diligently counting down. It was
so close that he could practically taste it, he had to pinch himself to
check that he wasn't dreaming.

Pacing his apartment, he found himself checking and re-checking every
little detail he'd been obsessing over for the past few weeks. Living
alone meant that you didn't have to compromise with anyone else when it
came to your living arrangements, and Urag was rightfully proud of his
home. But with the imminent (if temporary) end to his solitude,
adjustments would have to be made.

With the attention to detail that only a lovesick man can muster, Urag
had seen to every chair, every shelf and every light switch. All of it
had to be adjusted so that when Martin finally did arrive, he would feel
at home instantly.

For almost a whole year now, Urag had spent nearly every evening talking
to his long-distance boyfriend. Every night, the Orc went to sleep and
dreamt that he was finally able to hold the Human he loved so much, and
every morning he felt the same sting of loss at not having his Martin
beside him. But without fail, there would be a message from his love
waiting for him on his phone, wishing him a good morning, and Urag drew
strength from that.

Continuing his inspection, Urag took note of the few things he had left
to do. He needed to buy groceries, in particular the things he'd taken
note that his boyfriend liked. Martin didn't like many sweet things, but
made an exception when it came to chocolate. It was something the two
had bonded over early, trading recipes back and forth for their
favourite desserts. Urag had a sweet tooth (or tusk), and it showed when
he relaxed, being slightly softer around the middle than he would like.
Then again, Martin said it made him look friendlier. Urag sometimes felt
that it was difficult for him to seem friendly to Humans. Orcs were so
much bigger and stronger, even with the best of intentions it was
inevitable to look threatening sometimes.

At least Martin didn't mind, Urag never scared him. The first time
they'd met, he'd taught the Orc how to tie a tie. Urag remembered how
precious it had felt to have those smaller, lithe hands guide his own.
Only half an hour later they got stuck together in a hotel elevator, and
both missed their evening plans. The brief inconvenience had been a
blessing in disguise; their chemistry was like lightning in a bottle, it
should be impossible to capture something so pure yet there they both
were.

As the hours dragged on, Urag couldn't sleep. More and more intrusive
thoughts kept him awake, sowing small seeds of doubt and poison. What if
he had forgotten something important? Maybe Martin had a deadly allergy
he didn't know about and Urag cooked something he couldn't eat?

What if he hurt his love? Urag was big and Martin was so much smaller.
It would be far too easy to hurt him by accident. The Orc would have to
be careful, treat his boyfriend gently. Martin would say that he was
being silly but he didn't understand just how fragile he was.

Out of the corner of his eye, Urag saw his alarm clock. 3 'o clock at
night. With a sigh, he did his best to banish the negative thoughts, and
eventually sleep claimed him.

On the other side of the continent, the chime of a phone alarm roused
Martin Rolandsen from his sleep. 6 'o clock in the morning. Weary from
sleep, he reached for his phone and opened the messaging app.

"Good morning, love! Can't wait to see you soon, I'm counting down the
hours!!"

Martin smiled as he pressed 'Send', knowing Urag would reply to him when
the Orc woke up. Getting the reply back from his boyfriend was always
one of the best parts of his day.

As he went about his morning routine, Martin crossed off his own to-do
list before his flight east. His toothbrush and phone charger were
packed, a week's worth of clothes stacked neatly into a suitcase, a book
and a pair of headphones for the flight. Everything was in order.

Checking the time, Martin grabbed the suitcase and locked up his
apartment. The taxi he'd booked would be there soon to drive him to the
airport. Just as he stepped outside, he felt his phone vibrate in his
pocket.

"Have a safe flight, I'll be waiting for you!" Urag had followed up the
message with several emojis. Martin sent a green heart back and stepped
into the taxi that had just pulled up in front of him.

*He'll be landing soon*, Urag thought as he sat down in front of the TV.
He'd just finished buying groceries and a bottle of wine for the dinner
he had planned. Living in a cramped city, Urag didn't have a car and so
he couldn't meet Martin at the airport. All he could do was wait. Wait
and check that everything was perfect yet again.

He'd put fresh sheets on the bed, cleaned the bathroom twice. As the
time drew closer, Urag went to clean himself up too.

He kept his black hair clipped short, and had never had much facial hair
to speak of, but he shaved anyway to look a bit smoother. Using a
special, broad brush, he worked the surface of the twin tusks jutting
out from his lower jaw. Unlike their other teeth, an Orc's tusks never
stopped growing, and so they had to be filed down and maintained. Urag
kept his quite long, they nicely complimented his cheekbones.

With no more excuses, Urag spent the last half hour waiting in front of
the door. Then, he heard movement outside, and finally the doorbell.
Barely containing himself, Urag wrenched the door open to reunite with
his love.

For a split second, Martin and Urag stood still, just looking at each
other in happy disbelief. Then, the Human quickly closed the distance
into the Orc's waiting embrace.

"I finally have you," Urag whispered as he lifted his smaller boyfriend
into his arms. Martin's weight was nothing to him, just a comforting
presence that he was at last allowed to hold. "I finally have you..."

"I can't believe I'm here," Martin said and laughed. The flight hadn't
been too long, but it had felt like an eternity. Cradled in Urag's arms,
Martin looked into the Orc's eyes. More than anything in that moment,
they shared a feeling of relief. "I'm so glad to see you."

"You have no idea," Urag replied, hugging Martin tight to his chest. Not
letting go of his boyfriend, he brought in Martin's suitcase and kicked
the front door shut. Leaving Martin's belongings by the door, Urag
carried him into the living room and laid them both down on the couch.

"Not gonna let me take off my jacket?" Martin asked, poking Urag's thick
chest and smiling. The Orc grumbled in reply and relaxed his arms just
enough so that Martin could extract himself from his outerwear, then
went back to holding his mate tight. To Martin, it felt like coming
inside from a long, cold day and getting to wrap yourself in a warm
blanket. Except the long, cold day was actually months long.

But to Urag, it was more than that. He felt like he was finally
remembering what the sun looked like after a permanent winter. With
every breath he inhaled full of the smell of his love he felt a physical
relief flood him. He hadn't even realised he was crying until he felt a
pair of small hands dry the tears away from his cheeks.

"Hey you," Martin said, leaning forward to press their foreheads
together. "I'm here now, you OK?" Urag nodded, smiling despite tears
still flowing from his eyes. Truth was, Urag was far from OK all the
time. He felt it constantly, the physical, primal *need* to feel the
touch of his love. That, and the accompanying stabs of grief when he
couldn't have it. It drained everything from him, left him a husk that
could barely get out of bed in the morning.

Martin understood as well as anyone could be expected to, as well as any
Human could ever hope to. Urag was an Orc, and being denied the
experience of holding his Martin, to keep his partner safe, was a pain
deeper than any heartbreak.

There was no therapy available to get out of that hole. By a cruel twist
of fate, the love of his life lived hours away. It was like being denied
oxygen.

At long last, he could breathe.

True to what Martin had promised Urag before he arrived, they didn't
move much for the rest of the day.
